{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f23\fmodern\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 02020609040205080304}MS Mincho{\*\falt MS ??};}{\f29\fmodern\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 02020609040205080304}@MS Mincho;}{\f34\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f35\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f37\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f38\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f39\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f40\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f41\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f50\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f51\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}
{\f53\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f54\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f55\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f56\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}
{\f57\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f220\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 MS Mincho Western{\*\falt MS ??};}{\f218\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 MS Mincho CE{\*\falt MS ??};}{\f219\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 MS Mincho Cyr{\*\falt MS ??};}
{\f221\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 MS Mincho Greek{\*\falt MS ??};}{\f222\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 MS Mincho Tur{\*\falt MS ??};}{\f225\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 MS Mincho Baltic{\*\falt MS ??};}{\f268\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 @MS Mincho Western;}
{\f266\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 @MS Mincho CE;}{\f267\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 @MS Mincho Cyr;}{\f269\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 @MS Mincho Greek;}{\f270\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 @MS Mincho Tur;}{\f273\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 @MS Mincho Baltic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext15 Plain Text;}}{\*\revtbl {Unknown;}}{\info{\upr{\title S??G?????S???}{\*\ud\uc0{\title {\uc1\u931 S\u913 ?\u925 ?\u915 G\u922 ?\u913 ?\u929 ?\u913 ?\u922 ?\u931 S\u921 ?\u932 ?\u913 ?}}}}{\author gbn}{\operator gbn}{\creatim\yr2001\mo11\dy29\hr13\min14}
{\revtim\yr2001\mo12\dy4\hr23\min32}{\version6}{\edmins4}{\nofpages98}{\nofwords-32766}{\nofchars-32766}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8247}}\margl1319\margr1319 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\makebackup\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1319\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale103\viewzk2\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\dbch\af23 
\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Project Gutenberg Etext of Sangharakshita, Vision and Transformation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 translated into Greek by Spiros Doikas
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Copyright (C) 1999 by Spiros Doikas & Afaton Publications
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 **This is a COPYRIGHTED Proje\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ct Gutenberg Etext, Details Below**
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We encourage you to keep this file, exactly as it is, on your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 own disk, thereby keeping an electronic path open for future
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 readers.  Please do not remove this.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 This header should be the first thing seen when anyone sta\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rts to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 view the etext.  Do not change or edit it without written permission.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The words are carefully chosen to provide users with the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 information they need to understand what they may and may not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 do with the etext.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 **Welcome To The World of Free Plain Va\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nilla Electronic Texts**
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 **Etexts Readable By Both Humans and By Computers, Since 1971**
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 *****These Etexts Are Prepared By Thousands of Volunteers!*****
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Information on contacting Project Gutenberg to get etexts, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 further information, is included belo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 w.  We need your donations.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a 501(c)(3)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 organization with EIN [Employee Identification Number] 64-6221541
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Title:  Sangharakshita, Vision and Transformation
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Translator: Spiros Doikas
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Copyright (C) 1999 by Spiros Doikas & Afaton Publications
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Release Date: May, 2003  [Etext #4100]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 [Yes, we are more than one year ahead of schedule]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 [This file was first posted on November 29, 2001]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 [Most recently updated: December 4, 2001]
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Edition: 1\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 0
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Language: Greek
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Character set encoding: Ri\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ch Text Format (RTF) 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Greek edition of Vision and Transformation was done with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 permission by Windhorse Publications
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Copyright for the Greek language: Copyright (C) Spiros Doikas & Afaton
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Publications, 1999
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e-mail: doikasspiros@hotmail.com
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 URL: http:\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 //www.translatum.gr/afaton/index.htm
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Project Gutenberg Etext of Sangharakshita, Vision and Transformation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 translated into Greek by Spiros Doikas
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ******This file should be named orama11.txt or orama11.zip******
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Corrected EDITIONS of our etexts get a new NUMBER, orama11.txt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 VERSIONS based on separate sources get new LETTER, orama10a.txt
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We are now trying to release all our etexts one year in advance
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the official release dates, leaving time for better editing.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Please be encouraged to tell us about any error or corrections,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 even years after the official publication date.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Please note neither this listing nor its contents are final til
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 midnight of the last day of the month of any such announcement.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The official re\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 lease date of all Project Gutenberg Etexts is at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Midnight, Central Time, of the last day of the stated month.  A
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 preliminary version may often be posted for suggestion, comment
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and editing by those who wish to do so.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Most people start at our sites at:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 htt\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 p://gutenberg.net or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 http://promo.net/pg
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 These Web sites include award-winning information about Project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Gutenberg, including how to donate, how to help produce our new
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 etexts, and how to subscribe to our email newsletter (free!).
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Those of you who want \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to download any Etext before announcement
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 can get to them as follows, and just download by date.  This is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 also a good way to get them instantly upon announcement, as the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 indexes our cataloguers produce obviously take a while after an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 announc\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ement goes out in the Project Gutenberg Newsletter.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 http://www.ibiblio.org/gutenberg/etext03 or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ftp://ftp.ibiblio.org/pub/docs/books/gutenberg/etext03
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Or /etext02, 01, 00, 99, 98, 97, 96, 95, 94, 93, 92, 92, 91 or 90
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Just search by the first five letter\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s of the filename you want,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as it appears in our Newsletters.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Information about Project Gutenberg (one page)
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We produce about two million dollars for each hour we work.  The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 time it takes us, a rather conservative estimate, is fifty hours
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to get any ete\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 xt selected, entered, proofread, edited, copyright
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 searched and analyzed, the copyright letters written, etc.   Our
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 projected audience is one hundred million readers.  If the value
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 per text is nominally estimated at one dollar then we produce $2
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 million do\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 llars per hour in 2001 as we release over 50 new Etext
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 files per month, or 500 more Etexts in 2000 for a total of 4000+
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 If they reach just 1-2% of the world's population then the total
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 should reach over 300 billion Etexts given away by year's end.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Goa\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 l of Project Gutenberg is to Give Away One Trillion Etext
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Files by December 31, 2001.  [10,000 x 100,000,000 = 1 Trillion]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 This is ten thousand titles each to one hundred million readers,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 which is only about 4% of the present number of computer users.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 At our revised rates of production, we will reach only one-third
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of that goal by the end of 2001, or about 4,000 Etexts.  We need
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 funding, as well as continued efforts by volunteers, to maintain
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 or increase our production and reach our goals.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Project \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation has been created
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to secure a future for Project Gutenberg into the next millennium.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We need your donations more than ever!
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 As of November, 2001, contributions are being solicited from people
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and organizations in: Ala\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bama, Arkansas, Connecticut, Delaware,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Louisiana, Maine, Michigan, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Oregon,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Pennsylvania, Rh\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and Wyoming.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 *In Progress
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We have filed in about 45 states now, but these are the only ones
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that have responded.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 As the requiremen\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ts for other states are met, additions to this list
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 will be made and fund raising will begin in the additional states.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Please feel free to ask to check the status of your state.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 In answer to various questions we have received on this:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We are constantly working on finishing the paperwork to legally
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 request donations in all 50 states.  If your state is not listed and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you would like to know if we have added it since the list you have,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 just ask.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 While we cannot solicit donations from peopl\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e in states where we are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not yet registered, we know of no prohibition against accepting
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 donations from donors in these states who approach us with an offer to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 donate.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 International donations are accepted, but we don't know ANYTHING about
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 how to make them\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  tax-deductible, or even if they CAN be made
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 deductible, and don't have the staff to handle it even if there are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ways.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 All donations should be made to:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 PMB 113
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 1739 University Ave.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Oxford, MS 38655-4109
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Cont\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 act us if you want to arrange for a wire transfer or payment
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 method other than by check or money order.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation has been approved by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the US Internal Revenue Service as a 501(c)(3) organization with EIN
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 [Employee Identification Number] 64-622154.  Donations are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tax-deductible to the maximum extent permitted by law.  As fundraising
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 requirements for other states are met, additions to this list will be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 made and fundraising will begin in the additional states\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 .
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We need your donations more than ever!
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 You can get up to date donation information at:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 http://www.gutenberg.net/donation.html
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ***
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 If you can't reach Project Gutenberg,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you can always email directly to:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Michael S. Hart <hart@pobox.com>
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Prof. Hart \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 will answer or forward your message.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 We would prefer to send you information by email.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 **The Legal Small Print**
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 (Three Pages)
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ***START**THE SMALL PRINT!**FOR PUBLIC DOMAIN ETEXTS**START***
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Why is this "Small Print!" statement here? You know: lawyers.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 They tell us you might sue us if there is something wrong with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 your copy of this etext, even if you got it for free from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 someone other than us, and even if what's wrong is not our
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fault. So, amo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ng other things, this "Small Print!" statement
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 disclaims most of our liability to you. It also tells you how
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you may distribute copies of this etext if you want to.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 *BEFORE!* YOU USE OR READ THIS ETEXT
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 By using or reading any part of this PROJECT GUTENBER\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 G-tm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 etext, you indicate that you understand, agree to and accept
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 this "Small Print!" statement. If you do not, you can receive
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a refund of the money (if any) you paid for this etext by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sending a request within 30 days of receiving it to the person
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you got\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  it from. If you received this etext on a physical
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 medium (such as a disk), you must return it with your request.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ABOUT PROJECT GUTENBERG-TM ETEXTS
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 This PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm etext, like most PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm etexts,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 is a "public domain" work distribut\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ed by Professor Michael S. Hart
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 through the Project Gutenberg Association (the "Project").
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Among other things, this means that no one owns a United States copyright
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 on or for this work, so the Project (and you!) can copy and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 distribute it in the United Sta\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tes without permission and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 without paying copyright royalties. Special rules, set forth
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 below, apply if you wish to copy and distribute this etext
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 under the "PROJECT GUTENBERG" trademark.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Please do not use the "PROJECT GUTENBERG" trademark to market
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 any commercial products without permission.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 To create these etexts, the Project expends considerable
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 efforts to identify, transcribe and proofread public domain
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 works. Despite these efforts, the Project's etexts and any
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 medium they may be on may contain "\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Defects". Among other
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 things, Defects may take the form of incomplete, inaccurate or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 disk or other etext medium, a computer virus, or comput\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 er
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 codes that damage or cannot be read by your equipment.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 LIMITED WARRANTY; DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 But for the "Right of Replacement or Refund" described below,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 [1] Michael Hart and the Foundation (and any other party you may
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 receive this etext from as a P\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ROJECT GUTENBERG-tm etext) disclaims
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 all liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 legal fees, and [2] YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE OR
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 UNDER STRICT LIABILITY, OR FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY OR CONTRACT,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO INDI\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 RECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 If you discover a Defect in this etext within 90 days of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 receiving it, you can receive a refund of the money (if any)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you paid for it by sending an explanatory note within that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 time to the person you received it from. If you received it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 on a physical medium, you must return it with your note, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 such person may choose to alternatively give you a replacement
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 copy. If you \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 received it electronically, such person may
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 choose to alternatively give you a second opportunity to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 receive it electronically.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 THIS ETEXT IS OTHERWISE PROVIDED TO YOU "AS-IS". NO OTHER
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ARE MADE TO YOU AS
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 TO THE\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  ETEXT OR ANY MEDIUM IT MAY BE ON, INCLUDING BUT NOT
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Some states do not allow disclaimers of implied warranties or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the exclusion or limitation of consequential damages, so the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 bove disclaimers and exclusions may not apply to you, and you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 may have other legal rights.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 INDEMNITY
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 You will indemnify and hold Michael Hart, the Foundation,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and its trustees and agents, and any volunteers associated
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with the production and distribution \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of Project Gutenberg-tm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 texts harmless, from all liability, cost and expense, including
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 following that you do or cause:  [1] distribution of this etext,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 [2] alteration, modification, or addition\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  to the etext,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 or [3] any Defect.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 DISTRIBUTION UNDER "PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 You may distribute copies of this etext electronically, or by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 disk, book or any other medium if you either delete this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Small Print!" and all other references to Project Gutenberg,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 or:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 [1]  Only give exact copies of it.  Among other things, this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      requires that you do not remove, alter or modify the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      etext or this "small print!" statement.  You may however,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      if\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  you wish, distribute this etext in machine readable
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      binary, compressed, mark-up, or proprietary form,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      including any form resulting from conversion by word
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      processing or hypertext software, but only so long as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      *EITHER*:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      [*]  The e\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 text, when displayed, is clearly readable, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2           does *not* contain characters other than those
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2           intended by the author of the work, although tilde
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2           (~), asterisk (*) and underline (_) characters may
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2           be used to convey pu\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nctuation intended by the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2           author, and additional characters may be used to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2           indicate hypertext links; OR
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      [*]  The etext may be readily converted by the reader at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2           no expense into plain ASCII, EBCDIC or equivalent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2          \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  form by the program that displays the etext (as is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2           the case, for instance, with most word processors);
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2           OR
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      [*]  You provide, or agree to also provide on request at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2           no additional cost, fee or expense, a copy of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2           etext in its original plain ASCII form (or in EBCDIC
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2           or other equivalent proprietary form).
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 [2]  Honor the etext refund and replacement provisions of this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      "Small Print!" statement.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 [3]  Pay a trademark license fee to the Foundati\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 on of 20% of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      gross profits you derive calculated using the method you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      already use to calculate your applicable taxes.  If you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      don't derive profits, no royalty is due.  Royalties are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      payable to "Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Fou\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ndation"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      the 60 days following each date you prepare (or were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      legally required to prepare) your annual (or equivalent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      periodic) tax return.  Please contact us beforehand to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      let us know your plans and to work out the details.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 WHAT IF YO\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 U *WANT* TO SEND MONEY EVEN IF YOU DON'T HAVE TO?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Project Gutenberg is dedicated to increasing the number of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in machine readable form.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Project gratefully accepts contributions of money, t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ime,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 public domain materials, or royalty free copyright licenses.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Money should be paid to the:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 If you are interested in contributing scanning equipment or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 software or other items, please contact Michael Hart at:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hart@pobox.com
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 [Portions of this header are copyright (C) 2001 by Michael S. Hart
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and may be reprinted only when these Etexts are free of all fees.]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 [Project Gutenberg is a TradeMark and may not be \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 used in any sales
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of Project Gutenberg Etexts or other materials be they hardware or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 software or any other related product without express permission.]
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 *END THE SMALL PRINT! FOR PUBLIC DOMAIN ETEXTS*Ver.10/04/01*END*
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 **This is a COPYRIGHTED Project Gute\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nberg Etext, Details Above**
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'c1\'cd\'c3\'ca\'c1\'d1\'c1\'ca\'d3\'c9\'d4\'c1
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\'d1\'c1\'cc\'c1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'c1\'c9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'c5\'d4\'c1\'cc\'cf\'d1\'d6\'d9\'d3\'c7
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cc\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'f3\'e1\'e3\'f9\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c5\'ea\'e4\'fc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'a2\'f6\'e1\'f4\'ef\'ed}{\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Title of the original:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Sangharakshita, Vision and Transformation, Windhorse Publications
\par \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'a9\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  Sangarakshita 1990
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 translated into Greek by Spiros Doikas
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Greek edition of Vision and Transformation was done with permission by Windhorse Publications
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Copyright for the Greek language:
\par \loch\af2\dbch\af23\hich\f2 \'a9\loch\f2  Spiros Doikas & Afaton Publications, 1999
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e-mail: doikasspiros\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 @hotmail.com
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 URL: www.translatum.gr/afaton/index.htm
\par 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'eb\'e5\'ea\'f4\'f1\'ef\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'df
\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef
\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e1\'e9\'f4\'dd\'f1\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ef\'f1\'e8\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'e1\'e3\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e3\'f9\'e3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4
\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d0\'c5\'d1\'c9\'c5\'d7\'cf\'cc\'c5\'cd\'c1
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .1 \'d0\'f1\'fc\'eb\'ef\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'de\tab 

\par \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .2 \'c5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'f3\'e1\'e3\'f9\'e3\'de\tab 
\par \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 1. \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'be\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7
\tab 
\par \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 2. \'cb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 : 
\par \tab \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53     \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\tab 
\par \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 3. \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'e9\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df
\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 : 
\par \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53     \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\tab 
\par \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 4. \'c7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f1\'f7\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\tab 
\par \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 5. \'c9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\tab 
\par \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 6. \'c7\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 : 
\par \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53    \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\tab 
\par \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 7. \'c5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\tab 
\par \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 8. \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\tab 

\par \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53     \'c2\'e9\'e2\'eb\'e9\'ef\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'df\'e1\tab 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'b8\'f1\'e3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'e4\'df\'ef\'f5
\par }{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 A Guide to the Buddhist Path
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 A Stream of Stars
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 A Survey of Buddhism
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Alternative Tradit\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ions
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ambedkar and Buddhism
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Buddhism and the West
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Buddhism for Today and Tomorrow
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Complete Poems 1941-1994
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Crossing the Stream
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Extending the Hand of Fellowship
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Facing Mount Kanchenjunga
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Forty-Three Years Ago
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Going for Refuge
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Great Buddhists of the Twentieth\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  Century
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Human Enlightenment
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 In the Realm of the Lotus
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 In the Sign of the Golden Wheel
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Know Your Mind
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 New Currents in Western Buddhism
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Mind - Reactive and Creative
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 My Relation to the Order
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Peace is a Fire
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Ritual and Devotion in Buddhism
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Buddha's Victory
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Drama of Cosmic Enlightenment
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Essence of Zen
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Eternal Legacy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The FWBO and "Protestant Buddhism"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The History of My Going for Refuge
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Inconceivable Emancipation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Meaning of Conversion in Buddhism
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Meaning of Orthodoxy\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  in Buddhism
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Priceless Jewel
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Rainbow Road
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Religion of Art
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Taste of Freedom
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Ten Pillars of Buddhism
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Three Jewels
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Tibetan Buddhism: An Introduction
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Transforming Self and World
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Travel Letters
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Vision and Transformation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Was the Buddha a \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Bhikkhu?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 What is the Dharma?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Who is the Buddha?
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 ;
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ba\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f8\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'dc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'e1\'df\'ed\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'f6\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dd\'f1\'e2
\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e9\'f3\'f7\'fd\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'eb\'e7\'f8\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'ed\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9
\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'eb\'f5\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef
\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'dd\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f3\'f7\'e5\'e4\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'e7\'e8\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e8\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 ". \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'eb\'ef\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f6\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f5\'e2\'e1\'eb\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'e4\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'dc\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ! \'c4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f4\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f3\'f7\'dd\'f1\'e1\'e9\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d9\'f3\'f4\'fc
\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'e9\'ed\'ef\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'ef\'ee\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f6\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'eb\'f5\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4
\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'fe\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb
\'eb\'e7\'eb\'e5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'fe\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c6\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'e4\'e5
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'e3\'ea\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'e4\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'ef\'e4\'e7\'e3\'e7\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'f1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e1\'f6\'f5\'f0\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e9\'ed\'f4\'dc\'f1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c3\'ea\'e1\'ef\'f5\'f4\'dc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e3\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'c2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0
\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ed\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'e8\'e5\'fa\'f3\'f4
\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f0\'fc\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f3\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'ed\'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'fc\'f3\'f0\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'f3\'e1\'f1\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 .\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fd\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dc\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'e9\'f4\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f3\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'f1\'e5
\'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'e7\'f3\'f4\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'f0\'e5
\'e9\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0
\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f5\'e8\'e5\'f1\'f9\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef
\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'e8\'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ea\'f4\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'e5\'f5\'e4\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'e9\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'e4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'e7\'eb\'ef\'e5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'fe\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e6\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e5\'ed\'ed\'e9\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'e8\'e1\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f1\'f1\'ef\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'e9\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'e7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'e5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'fe\'ec\'e5\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1
\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'f6\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f3\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'e8\'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ea\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f3\'e7\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'e4\'e5\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f3\'f4\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f3\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e2\'f1\'e5\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e9\'e1\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'e2\'eb\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'bc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'eb\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'fe\'e4\'f5\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ee\'e5\'ed\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'fe\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'f0\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dd\'f1\'e2\'e1\'f3
\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'f9\'ea\'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5
\'f9\'f1\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'fe\'ed\'f5\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f3\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'d7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c8\'f5\'ec\'dc\'ec\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd\'e2\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'e3\'e3\'eb\'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f0
\'eb\'e1\'ed\'fe\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f1\'df\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'e4\'e9\'ec\'e2\'ef\'fd\'f1\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'e1\'df\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'ea\'f1\'e9\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'de\'e3\'f5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f4\'e5\'f1\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f4\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'fc\'ec\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'dd\'ea\'eb\'e5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'f5\'f1\'ef\'f0\'fc\'e4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e4\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'e5\'fd\'f7\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'f9
\'f0\'e7\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\'dc\'ec\'e5\'f3\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'f3\'e5\'ee\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'e9\'e2\'e5\'f4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f7\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'f5\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ea\'f1\'e5\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ec\'f6
\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f4\'e5\'f3\'f4\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f0\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f6\'ef\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'e4\'e9\'ef\'f1\'df\'f3\'f9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f3\'ef\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'e5\'fd\'e8\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'df\'f1\'e1\'e6\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f5\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'f3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f6\'ef\'f1\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'ed\'f4\'ef\'f3\'f4\'dc\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e5\'f0\'f4\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e7\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'eb\'df\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f4
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'eb\'e7\'ed\'ef\'f1\'e8\'fc\'e4\'ef\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'ec\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'ef\'f5\'ec
\'dd\'ed\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e9\'e8\'e1\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f0\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'e9
\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'eb\'eb\'dc\'e4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'ec\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e9\'dc\'f3\'f9
\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f1\'e1\'e3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5
\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'de\'f1\'ee\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'f9\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e4\'e5\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'fd\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f0\'ef\'df\'e8\'e7\'f3\'de
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e5\'f1\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f0
\'ef\'e9\'e8\'de\'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'eb\'de\'f8\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'de\'ea\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4
\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'fc\'ed\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'fe\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'ef\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'ea\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'e5\'df\'ea\'ed\'f5\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f1\'fd\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'fd\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'e4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'e8\'e5\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4
\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'ed\'e1\'df\'f1\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\'f1\'ec\'fe\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'e5\'f0\'ef\'df\'e8\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'eb\'dd\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f5
\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'e4\'fc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fd\'f7\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dd\'f1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'e9\'eb\'ef\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 2, 
\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dd\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e5
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'e4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f5\'f8\'e7\'eb\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed
\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\'ef\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e7\'e8\'f5\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'eb\'e5\'ea\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'dc\'ec\'f0
\'ef\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'e9\'eb\'ef\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'e8\'fd\'ec\'e9\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'f4\'e1\'ec\'ec\'e1\'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'e2\'eb\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'e2
\'e9\'e2\'eb\'e9\'ef\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e3\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ea\'f0\'e1\'df\'e4\'e5\'f5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'e8\'e9\'e2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . lojong). \'c2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef
\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f3\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\'f3\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef
\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'eb\'e9\'e3\'ec\'dd\'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'f6\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dd\'f1\'e2\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e5\'e3\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f5\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'e1
\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 3  (\'f3\'e1\'ed\'f3\'ea\'f1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
. shunyata). \'c1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'dc\'ee\'e5
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'dc\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'f3\'f0\'e1\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'e3\'df\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'f9\'dc\'ed\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f4\'e1\'f5\'f1\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 4:
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 "\'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'f5\'f4\'dc\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'ed\'e1\'f5\'f3
\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'e4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e1\'e8\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'f6\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\'df\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'f4
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'eb\'e7\'f6\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'dd\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'e2\'e1\'eb\'eb\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dc\'e8\'eb\'e9\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'f3\'f4\'e5\'e3\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'eb\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f8\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'ef\'de\'f3\'e5\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'eb\'e5\'e9
\'f8\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'fd\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'fc\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 "5 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  
\par 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d0\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1
\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'e2\'e5\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'ef\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f3\'f9\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'ea
\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'de\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ed\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e5\'f7\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'f5\'f4
\'fc\'f7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'de\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , (\'ea\'ef\'ec\'f0\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f4\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'de\'f8\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'e4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\'e5\'e3\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'e5\'f5\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'e4\'e9\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c7\'f3\'f5\'f7\'e1\'f3\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c7\'f3\'f5\'f7\'e1\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'e1\'f1\'ef\'ec\'ef\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'fc\'e3\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'fc\'e3\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'e5\'f5\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'e4\'e9\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'e7\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ca\'fd\'f1\'e9\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'e7\'f3\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'dd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'d5\'e9\'dd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'e5\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'e5\'eb\'dd\'e7\'f3\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'f1\'f4\'f9\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'de\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'ec\'f0\'ef\'f3\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f4\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 
\'d0\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'e5\'f5\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc
\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'ea\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e8\'fc\'e4\'ef\'ee\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed
\'e1\'ed\'f4\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'e4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'eb\'e1\'df\'f3\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f7\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec
\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'fa\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9
\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f9\'f1\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'ea\'e5\'df\'f4
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f3\'ea\'fc\'f0\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e5\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'fc\'ec\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'f5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53  Edward Conze: 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 "\'d5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ea\'e5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'e8\'ef\'e4\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'e7\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fd\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e3\'f1\'dc\'f6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'ea\'dc\'e8\'e1\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f4\'f9\'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ,\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'e2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'dc\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'ef\'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'f1\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f4\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e1\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'e1\'fa
\'ed\'e9\'f3\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'fd\'f6\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1
\'f7\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'e3\'f5\'f0\'f4\'e9\'e1\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'de\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f4\'e9\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53   "\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  "\'ec\'f5\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e1\'e8\'ef\'eb\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ea\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'dd\'f3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 6 ".
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cc\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'e2\'eb\'df\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'b7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'e5\'e9\'ea\'ed\'fd\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f4\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'f3\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e1\'df\'f3\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5
\'fa\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f3\'ec\'ef\'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'fc\'ec\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f0\'e1\'ed\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f1\'fd\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'ec\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e7\'f1\'fe\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e8\'dd\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'fc\'ec\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'f5\'f3\'f3\'fe\'f1\'e5\'f5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ed\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'e4\'e7\'ec\'e9\'ef\'fd\'f1\'e3
\'e7\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'df\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'b8\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'dc\'e6\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'e8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'e2\'e1\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1
\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1
\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'dd\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'f1\'ec\'ef\'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9
\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e5\'e4\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'ef\'f1\'f4\'ef\'f6\'e1\'e3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 7 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'e2\'dc\'eb\'e5
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3
\'ea\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f3\'f6\'e1\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'ed\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 8  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'dc\'f3\'f7\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 "\'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'ea\'ef\'f0\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f0\'e1\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'f1\'e9\'f3
\'f4\'ef\'fd\'e3\'e5\'ed\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e2\'eb\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e8\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'e4\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d0\'e5\'f1\'ed\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'df\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'d6\'c4\'c2\'d4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 9) \'dd\'ea\'f0\'eb\'e7\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd
\'eb\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'f6\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'eb\'dc\'ec\'e2\'e1\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ec\'e5\'df\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'e9\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'df\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fe\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e5\'f1\'ed\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'dd\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'eb\'ef\'e3\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f7\'f9\'f1\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'f5\'f4\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e2\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f6\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e5
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e1\'df\'f3\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1
\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e8\'e5\'fe\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'e3
\'ea\'e1\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f8\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'ef\'e4\'ef\'f6\'fc\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'e3\'e3\'dd\'eb\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'fe\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'f6\'e9\'eb\'e5\'e3\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c8\'e1\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'de\'f1\'ee\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'f5\'e3\'dd\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'fc\'ec\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f7\'fe\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'c4\'c2\'d4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c8\'f5\'ec\'dc\'ec\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ea\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'fe\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e5\'df\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'df\'f7\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'dc\'e2\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e2\'e4\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f1\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'fe\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'e3\'dd\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1
\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'e9\'ed\'ef\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f4\'f1\'dd\'f0
\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'e3\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'df\'f7\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'ec\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e2\'e1\'eb\'eb\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'df\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'dc\'e3\'ea\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'ea
\'f1\'de\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'e8\'e1\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea
\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\'e5\'f5\'e8\'f5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ef\'f7\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'f4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
. \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f0\'eb\'e7\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd\'e2\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e1\'df\'f3\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'ed\'f4\'de\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'c4\'c2\'d4\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'ea\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'df\'ed\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'ed\'ef\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9
\'dc\'e8\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f3\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f6\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e8\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f4\'f5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ), \'e1
\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'dd\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'f5\'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'e5\'ed\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f5\'f7\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f6\'e1\'df\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f1\'f1\'ef\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'d3\'f5\'f7\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f9\'f1\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f6\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'e7\'e3\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df
\'e4\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e1\'e3\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f6\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 ' \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ,\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f6\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f6\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f9\'f1\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc
\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1
\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0
\'e1\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e5\'eb\'f4\'e9\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ea\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f6\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'c1\'f4\'e5\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f4\'e9\'ec\'dc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e1\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ,\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f6\'e7\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f6\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'e1\'eb\'ef\'ec\'e1\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'dc\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e5\'eb\'f4\'e9\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'a2\'e3\'e3\'eb\'ef\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'eb\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'f1\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e8\'dd\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 ".
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'e5\'eb\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'e9\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'fe\'f1\'f9
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'e9\'ed\'ef\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dd\'f0\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed
\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f3\'f7\'dd\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'f7\'f1\'f9\'f3\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'fc\'f6\'e5\'f5\'ea\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'fc\'f1\'f6\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'de\'f1\'e7
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\'ed\'de\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'fc\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fd\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f3\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'dc
\'e3\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'fe\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'ef\'e4\'ef\'ee\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'e3\'ea\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'f4\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 !) \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'e8\'e5\'eb\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'f4\'fd\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'eb\'e5\'f0\'e1\'e8\'e7\'f4
\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'ed
\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'ea\'e5\'fe\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'f5\'ed\'dc\'f1\'f4\'e7\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 !
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'e2\'e5\'eb\'f4\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " (self-improvement) \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f1\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'f4\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc
\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'e9\'f7\'ed\'df\'e4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f6\'fd\'e3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fd\'f1
\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e1\'df\'f4\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f3\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f5\'dc\'e6\'ef
\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e8\'e5\'ed\'e1\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'f7\'f5\'f1\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f3\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f3\'e2\'e1\'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'e3\'df\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e3\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4
\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'ef\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'ed\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'ed\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "
\'d0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f0\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " (New Age) \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e4\'e5\'e9\'f7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec
\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'ef\'eb\'ec\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e9
\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e3\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'ef\'e4\'ef\'ee\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e4\'f5\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f5\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'ed\'e7\'f4\'de\'f1\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'fb\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e9\'dc\'e8\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'fd\'e2\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'df\'f3\'f9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e1\'eb\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f5\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'f9\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\'b7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'dd\'ee\'f5\'f0\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f3\'f0\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e1\'e3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'e5\'e3\'f9\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'f0\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f3\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e5\'f0\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f4\'fc\'f4
\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'f1\'e1\'f4\'fc\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'eb\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f5\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\'ed\'de\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f6\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'ed\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\'ed\'de\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df
\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ea\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\'b7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed
\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e5\'ec\'f6\'e5\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'f3\'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'e1\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ea\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'ef\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4
\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df
\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f1\'ef\'e2\'fc\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e1\'f6\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fe\'ec\'e1\'b7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'dd\'f6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e8\'e5\'df\'f1\'e5\'f4
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'df\'e6\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'fd\'e2\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'df\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dd\'f1\'e2\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'e1
\'e4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'eb\'e7\'f8\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f7\'f9\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f0\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f6\'e5\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'e1
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'ef\'f8\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'ef\'f3\'ef\'f6\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e5\'f0\'dd\'ea\'f4\'e1
\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'e8\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'e8\'dd\'f4\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f9\'f1\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'f4\'e1\'ec\'ec\'e1\'f0\'dc\'ed
\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 :
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cd\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 ,
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 ,
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'e3\'ed\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'e4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 -
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'ec\'e5\'eb\'e9\'fe\'e4\'e7
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'bc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'e2\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e1\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e5\'fd\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e5\'fd\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2
\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'f6\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e5\'fd\'ef
\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e5\'fd\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e5\'f1\'e3\'ef\'f0\'ef
\'e9\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e3\'e5\'f1\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec
\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fd\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f6\'e1\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e1\'e3\'e1\'e8\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'d3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4
\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e4\'e7\'eb\'f9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'e8\'e5\'f3\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ec\'f5\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'e9\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'dc\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f6\'ef\'e4\'f1\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e8\'dd
\'eb\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'f9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 !" - \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'f6\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df
\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'dc\'ed\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6
\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'fe\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d0\'e1\'f1\'e5\'ec\'f6\'e5\'f1\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f5\'eb\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'df\'ed\'e4\'f5\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e5\'f1\'ec\'e7\'ed\'e5\'fd
\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'ea\'fc\'eb\'eb\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dc\'f1\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f3\'ec\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'fe\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e5\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5
\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f7\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e5\'f7\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'f9
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'ea\'de\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'f5\'f1\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'eb\'f5\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3
\'dc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'e1\'f4\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1
\'f5\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'ed\'f4\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'dc\'ec\'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' 
\'e1\'ed\'dd\'ea\'e4\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e9\'e4\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c6\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e3\'f1\'dc\'f6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'e5\'f5\'e4\'ef\'f6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'fe\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e8\'e7\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'e9\'f3\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f1\'ea\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cc\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e4\'e5\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'e5\'f1\'e5\'e3\'e3\'f5\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e1\'e9\'ed\'df\'f7\'f4\'e7\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e5\'e9\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'f7\'f4\'e1\'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'a2\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e5\'f0\'f4\'f5\'e3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4
\'e9\'ea\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'dd\'f7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'df\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'fc\'f3\'f9\'f0\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dd\'f7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef
\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'fc\'f3\'f9\'f0\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f1\'f1\'e7\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f6\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'eb\'f5\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'eb\'e5\'ea\'f4\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8
\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'dd\'e3\'e3\'e9
\'f3\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ba\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\'f1\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e3\'e5\'f9\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'f5\'f7\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4
\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'ed\'e7\'e8\'e5\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'f6\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'ef\'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'f1\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f1\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f3
\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'ea\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'f6\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'df\'f1\'ed\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'f6\'dc\'f3\'ea\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'fe
\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'de\'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e8\'e5\'f1\'ec\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'ea\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'de\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d0\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'f6\'e1\'f3
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f4\'fd\'f0\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'c4\'c2\'d4\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dd\'f1\'e2\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e9\'e1\'ea\'de
\'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e3\'eb\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'eb\'e5\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'e2
\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e1\'df\'f3\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ed\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'f6\'de\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'e3\'e3\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f6\'df\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'e9\'dc\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'e9\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4
\'e1\'e9\'b7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'ec\'fc\'f3\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e4\'e5\'df\'ee\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'f5\'f6\'e5\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4
\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'f1\'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e5\'f5\'e8\'fd\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f7\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2
\'eb\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'de\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'f7\'ed\'dc\'f3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f5\'f0\'ef\'ea\'f1\'e9\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e5\'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc\'f4\'f5\'f0\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e5\'ed\'e4\'f5\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'fa\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f3\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'e8\'e7\'eb\'f5\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'c4\'c2\'d4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f7\'ef\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e7\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'ea\'eb\'e5\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec
\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'fe\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'eb\'fd\'f8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'e3\'ea\'e5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'fd\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9
\'ed\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'eb\'ea\'eb\'ef
\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f6\'ef\'ea\'eb\'fc\'f1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ed\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'b7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ed\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e8\'e9\'ec\'ef
\'f4\'f5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\'f3\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'e5\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'eb\'eb\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dc\'e2\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f3\'dd\'e2\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e9\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'dd\'eb\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e9\'e2\'e5\'f4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f5\'e6\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e5\'ed\'e4\'ef\'df\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e1\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  (\'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e3\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f1\'ef\'eb
\'ef\'e3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 ). 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'ef\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'e1\'f4\'e6\'f1\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'e4\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f4\'f1\'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ), \'e4\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'eb\'f5\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'f6\'e1\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ea\'ef\'f5\'f1\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f7\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'c4\'c2\'d4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'e8\'dd\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'eb\'df\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'ed\'ef\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5
\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'df\'e1\'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (kalyana mitrata) \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef
\'f1\'e9\'e6\'fc\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ee\'ef\'ed\'e5\'f2\'b7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'fc\'ec\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'fc\'ec\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'fc\'ec\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4
\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'de\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f1\'ef\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'fe\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e5\'f5\'e8\'fd\'ed\'f3\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ea\'ef\'f5\'f1\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9
\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'e7\'e3\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e2\'ef\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ee\'dc\'f1\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e5\'f1\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f6\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3
\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'dd\'e8\'f1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'dd\'f3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dc\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e8\'e7\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'c4\'c2\'d4\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\'ed\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'e3\'e3\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  -\'f0\'dd\'f1\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'e9\'e8\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'fc\'ec\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'f7\'ef\'eb\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'e2\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'ef
\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'fc\'f1\'f6\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f1\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef
\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'fe\'f1\'ef\'f5\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 .\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e3\'dc\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f9\'f1\'e5\'dc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e8\'e7\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3
\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'f5\'f0\'ef\'df\'ea\'e9\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'ef\'f4\'de\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'e9
\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'ef\'e2\'df\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e3\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'c5\'f0\'e9\'f7\'e5\'e9\'f1\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ec\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'dc\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'fc\'ec\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e5\'fd\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e6\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f1\'e4\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'e5\'f4\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e7\'f1\'e5\'f3\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'ec\'fc\'e3\'e5\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'eb\'e5\'df\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'ea\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'eb\'ef\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'e8\'e5\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'e8\'dd\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6
\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f5\'e8\'dd\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'dc\'ed
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0
\'fc\'eb\'f5\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'e7\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e3\'f1\'dc\'f6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'fc\'f1\'e5\'f5\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : "\'d4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5
\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 !" \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9
\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f3\'e7\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f3\'e7\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f7\'ed\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f7\'ed\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f0\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f4\'e9\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'dd\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'ec\'e1\'e3\'e9\'ea\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e1\'ed\'e1\'e2\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'e8\'ef\'f1\'ec\'e7
\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e8\'f9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed
\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'e9\'e4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e1\'df\'f3\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e5
\'f1\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\'e1\'e3\'ea\'e9\'f3\'f4\'f1\'f9\'e8\'e5\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e1\'e8\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (
\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e5\'f5\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e1\'e2\'df\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f4\'e5\'eb\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'e4\'e1\'e9\'ec\'ef\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53  
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'eb\'eb\'dc\'e4
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'f1\'e1\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dc\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'f5\'f0\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'de\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'c5\'e4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'e9\'ea\'e9\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'fc\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f7\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f7\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'e7\'ee\'e9\'ea\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f5\'e8\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'fc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'eb\'eb\'e7\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f1\'e9\'f4\'dc\'f1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc
\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e2\'ef\'e4\'e9\'f3\'dc\'f4\'e2\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'dc\'f4\'f4\'e2\'e1\'b7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'ea\'e9\'ed\'e4\'f5\'ed\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'fc\'e4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " (!) - \'e5\'f5\'f4\'f5\'f7\'fe\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e3\'f9\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f3\'dc\'f4\'e2\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . (\'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'f0\'fc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'c4
\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'fc\'e4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'de\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ;). \'c1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'eb\'dc\'f3\'f3\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 . 

\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'b8\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f1\'e9\'f4\'dc\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dd\'f0\'e5\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'eb\'e7\'f8\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'ec\'e5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'e2\'eb\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'cf\'c5\'c4\'c2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e8\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " - \'e5
\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'f0\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ! \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'eb\'e5\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'eb\'dc\'ec
\'e2\'e1\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  enlightenment \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f9\'f4\'e9\'f3
\'ec\'fc\loch\f53  \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 (\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 !) \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'f9\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'f0\'df\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e7\'e3\'ef\'f1\'e7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ... \'c4\'c5\'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e8\'dd\'ec\'e9\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e3\'f9\'ed\'e9\'f3\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4
\'e1\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e7\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'f9\'eb\'df\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e5\'f1\'ec\'e7\'ed\'e5\'f5\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4
\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'e1\'e3\'dd\'ed\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'b8\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1
\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'f1\'e1\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'de\'f1\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'f5\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e8\'ef\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e5\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'e3\'fe\'e3\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cd\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'dc\'f8\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 "\'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ed\'ef\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ;10 \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'eb\'eb\'dc\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f0\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9
\'e7\'f3\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 11"  - \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'df\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'f5\'f0\'ed\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f6\'dd
\'f1\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'c2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ea\'ef\'dc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'e4\'ef\'f3\'f6\'e1\'e9\'f1\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c6\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'e5\'f1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'f5\'f1\'f9\'f0\'e1\'fa\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'df\'e2\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5
\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'f5\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'e2\'eb\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'eb\'fe\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "d" (\'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'f3\'f0\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'ef\'f1\'f4\'ef\'e3\'e1\'eb\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c3\'e1\'eb\'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'c9\'f4\'e1\'eb\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ). \'d9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'f6
\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f5\'f0\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9
\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e3\'f9\'ed\'df\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'ee\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'eb\'fe\'f3\'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0
\'e1\'f1\'fc\'ec\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'e2\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'ea\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e3\'f9\'e3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'cc\'f0\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'dc\'f4
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 (\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 )\'e2\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'ca\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f4\'e9\'ec\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f4\'e7\'f1\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'e7\'e3\'e1\'df\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'eb\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f1\'f9\'f0\'e1\'fa\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7
\'fe\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'df\'f3\'f4\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'ef\'f1\'f4\'ef\'e3\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'e4
\'e9\'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f4\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "bodisatva", \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7
\'eb\'fe\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e8\'ef\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'dd\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f5\'f0\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c5\'f1\'f7\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ec\'e5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'e2\'eb\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f6\'f4\'dc\'ed
\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'fa\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'ec\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\'e9\'e1\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'e8\'e5\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e7\'e8\'fe
\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'e4\'f5\'fa\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'f5\'e1\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'f5\'e1\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'f5
\'e1\'eb\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'f5\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e9\'f4\'f4\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'f5\'fa\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'f5\'e1\'eb\'e9
\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 !). \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'eb\'f9\'f3\'f3\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f4\'de\'f1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f0\'dd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef
\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'e2\'eb\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'f3\'e9\'ec\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'eb\'ef\'e3\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f1\'e1\'e3\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'dd\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9
\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'f1\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'f1\'e1\'f0\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'d3\'df\'e3\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'f1\'e1\'f0
\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'e9\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'ea\'e4\'ef\'f7\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'e5\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'fc\'f3\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc
\'f1\'e1\'e3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e5\'f5\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'f1\'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'d6\'f4\'dc\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'e4\'e9\'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'e4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  (\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f4\'f1\'e1\'f0\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'f1\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'cc\'de\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'de\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'dc\'f0\'f4\'f5
\'f7\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'fe\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'e9\'f1\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  eightfold\'b7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  fold=\'f0\'f4\'f5\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ). \'cc\'de\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ea\'f4\'e1\'ec\'e5\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; (\'fe\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'e9\'f1\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\'f3\'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  anga \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ec\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 "). \'cc\'de\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'e9\'e1\'ea\'eb\'e1\'e4\'fe\'f3
\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'bc\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e4\'ef\'f7\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7
\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'f0\'e9\'f7\'e5\'e9\'f1\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dd\'f1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5
\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'f1\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'eb\'ef\'e3\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e5\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc
\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'f9\'ed\'f5\'ec\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'df\'f3\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'dd\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e2\'dc\'e6\'ef
\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : "\'bc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'e3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7
\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'e4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'c5\'e4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e3\'ea\'e1\'e6
\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'f1\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "path" \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'f1\'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'f6\'f4\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'fd\'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5
\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f6\'e1\'ed\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7
\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e5\'eb\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f5\'f0
\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dc\'e2\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'e3\'ea\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'ee\'e9\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e2\'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'ea\'e4\'ef\'f7\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dc\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 .

\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'f3\'f4\'e5
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e5\'ed\'f4\'ef\'eb
\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ed\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f1\'dc\'ea\'f3\'e9\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'dd\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'ea\'e4\'ef\'f7\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee
\'f9\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e2\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'eb\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e5\'ed\'f4\'ef\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'c1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'e3\'f1\'dc\'f6\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'f1\'df\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f6\'dc\'eb\'e1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 :
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 "\'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f4\'ef\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9
\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ed\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f4\'ef\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f3\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f4\'e5\'f4\'e1\'eb\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f7\'f1\'e5\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'df\'f3\'f9
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'ed\'e1\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee
\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ee\'f9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 ". 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1
\'fc\'e2\'eb\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'e4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f4\'ef\'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  (\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e4\'e9\'ef\'f1\'e8\'f9\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'ea\'f1\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0
\'e9\'f6\'e1\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e2\'eb\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'e9\'fc\'f1\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'ef\'f7\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e4
\'dd\'f3\'ec\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e5\'eb\'e5
\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef
\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc
\'f0\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dd\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53  1823 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  August von Schlegel \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'fc\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  yoga \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e1\'df\'f3\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'f0\'e1\'e3
\'ea\'dc\'e2\'e1\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c3\'ea\'df\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ea\'f4
\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5
\'ec\'f6\'f1\'e1\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : exercitatio, applicatio, destinatio, disciplina activa, devotio, mysterium, facultas mystica \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\f53  maiestas12 .

\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'b8\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'df\'f7\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'ef\'ed\'f5\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed
\'dc\'eb\'f5\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'f1\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e5\'f0\'dd\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e5\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'ea\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e2\'e5\'e2\'e1\'df\'f9\'f3
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f5\'f7\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3
\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9
\'dc\'eb\'e5\'ee\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'f1\'dc\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f4\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'fc\'f1\'f6\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " (transformation). \'c4\'e9\'e1\'e2\'dc\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4
\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f3\'f9\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'e1\'e3\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'fe\'f1
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'ea\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e3\'e5\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'fc\'f1\'f6\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'ef\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e5\'f4\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e1\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f7\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f1\'f7\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1
\'eb\'dd\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'e8\'e5\'f1
\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f4\'eb\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e5\'f9\'f2\loch\f53  tr\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 a\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 nsformation (\'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'fc\'f1\'f6\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ). \'cf\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e4\'ef\'e9\'e1\'f3\'ec\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f1\'f7\'e9\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e1\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'e1\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  sublimation \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'ed\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ea\'e1\'f4\'f9\'f4\'dd\'f1\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'e5\'ed\'f3\'f4\'df\'ea\'f4\'f9\'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3
\'ea\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'ec\'e9\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e5\'ee\'e5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'e4
\'e9\'e5\'ee\'fc\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'fc\'f1\'f6\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f8\'f5\'f7\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f5\'b7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc
\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3
\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4
\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  sublimation. \'c1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'e3
\'f1\'dc\'f6\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f6\'dc\'eb\'e1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 : 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 "\'c5\'df\'e4\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f6\'e1\'f1\'ec\'ef\'e3\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1
\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (sublimation) \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'f5\'e3\'dd\'ed\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'e1\'f4\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'e1\'f6\'e9\'ed\'dc\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'dc\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'e6\'e7\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'ea
\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea
\'fc\loch\f53 ". 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'eb\'f9\'f3\'f3\'e9\'ea
\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f6\'dc\'f3\'e9\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'de\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'e9\'ea\'e9\'eb\'ef\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'eb\'e7\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'eb\'fe\'f3\'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'dc\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e1\'e9\'f4\'dd\'f1\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f7\'f1\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'fc\'f1\'f6\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'fe\'ed\'f5\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'df\'f3\'f4\'e5\'f5\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f4\'e1\'e9\'f1\'e9\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f4\'de\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f3
\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e5\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  transformation \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df
\'f4\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef
\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'fc\'f7\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'fc\'f1\'f6\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 (\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'e9\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ef\'ed\'e9\'ec\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'f9\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'ef
\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'df\'ee\'f0\'e7\'f1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'e1\'f3\'e9\'eb\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'e7\'f1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : "\'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e3\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'c5\'eb\'f0\'df\'e6\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f6\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'eb\'e1\'f5
\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c5\'e9\'f3\'e1\'e3\'f9\'e3\'de
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 "\'d0\'e5\'f1\'df\'f6\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'dc\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ! \'d0\'e5\'f1\'df\'f6\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 ! \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'eb\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'f1\'e1\'e2\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f3\'ea\'dd\'f0\'e1\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'f0\'e1\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e4\'e5\'e9\'ee\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'fc\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f6\'e5\'f1\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fd\'f7\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f9\'f4\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'e5\'e2\'ef
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'f4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0
\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 ".
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'e9\'ea
\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e3\'fd\'f1\'f9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'ed\'f4\'e1\'ea\'fc\'f3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'dd\'ed\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'e7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e3\'f1\'dc\'f6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'e2\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5
\'fc\'ec\'e9\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e9\'eb\'e9\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'ed\'f4\'e1\'ea\'fc\'f3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'e3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'f0\'f1\'f9\'f4\'ef\'f3\'f5\'ed\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f3\'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'e2\'eb\'df\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'f9\'f4\'ef\'e4\'e9\'dc\'e2\'e1\'f3
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ef\'f1\'e8\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e5\'e9\'f1\'fc\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'dd\'ee\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'e4\'e9\'ea
\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  Mitrata. \'d0\'df\'f3\'f4\'e5\'f5\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e4\'e9\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e7\'f1\'ef\'f6\'ef\'f1\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\'ed\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'ed\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'de\'ee\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f9\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f7\'f1\'e5\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'e8\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'ee\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df
\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -"\'f3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , "\'f3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - 
\'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'ef\'e9\'e1\'e6\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'f4\'f1\'e9\'ec\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'ea\'ef\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e9\'eb\'e9\'ef\'e5\'e9\'f0\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'e2\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dc\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'dd\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'eb\'e9\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ed\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e6\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e7\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e2\'dc\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e5\'e9\'f1\'fc
\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e7\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'ed\'e1\'ea\'eb\'dc
\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'ea\'dc\'e8\'e1\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f4\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'e2\'eb
\'df\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'bc\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'fc\'f1\'f6\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'e2\'e1\'e6\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e5\'e9\'f1\'fc\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f1\'f7\'e9\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'e1\'ed
\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de
\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e1\'e3\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'e5\'f1\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e9\'dc\'e2\'e1\'e6\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc
\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'fe\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'f4\'ef\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9
\'f1\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e7\'f2\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\'eb\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'ef\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'f1\'e1\'f0\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53   \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'e5\'f4\'e7\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e7\'e3\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ed\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f1\'dc\'ea\'f3\'e9\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'df\'e8\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef
\'f3\'ea\'eb\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'ea\'eb\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'e9\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'eb\'e5\'e3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'fe\'f1\'e9\'e6\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'fc
\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e7\'e8\'e5\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f1\'f1\'ef\'fe\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f3\'f4\'df\'ea\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'de\'ec\'e1\'e9\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f0\'e9
\'e6\'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 
\'d7\'f1\'e5\'e9\'e1\'e6\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f0\'df\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e2\'dc\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f0\'f1\'e5\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dd\'f8\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f6\'dc\'eb\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'e4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'eb\'e9
\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f0\'f1\'e5\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e8\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'fc\'f1\'f6\'f9\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'e8\'e7\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f4\'e9\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'f7\'f1\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f0\'f1\'e5\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e5\'ed\'e5\'f1\'e3\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'de\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 ".
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1
\'ef\'f4\'e9\'ec\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'ed\'ef\'de\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'fd\'ec\'e7\'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'f1\'e1\'f6\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd
\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'e2\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dc\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e3\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e7\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dc\'f1\'e7\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b9
\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e4\'e5\'e9\'f7\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e1\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'df\'f7\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'fc\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'f4\'e5\'df\'f7\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f0\'e5\'f1\'dc\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'de\'f1\'f7\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 .\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f0\'fc\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f6\'fd\'e3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'ef
\'f7\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'e4\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'e3\'ea\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'ef\'f0\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd
\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d6\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f0\'f1\'e5\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e3\'fd\'f1\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'e3\'fd\'f1\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'ea\'f1\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'de\'f1\'f7\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'e4\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'e9\'eb\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e3\'e9\'ed\'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'e2\'eb\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'e4\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'fd\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e2\'eb\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ec\'e5\'f4\'fe\'f0
\'e9\'e6\'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ea\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'fd\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e1
\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ea\'e5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'e5\'df\'ee\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'df\'ee\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e3\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'e9\'f4\'df
\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e5\'e4\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ed\'ef\'de\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'e9\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec
\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'f0\'f4\'f5\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e2\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df
\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'fc\'f1\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'df\'f7\'e7\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'e9\'f4\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ed\'ef\'de\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'f5\'f4\'e9\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5
\'e4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f6\'e1\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7
\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'ed\'ef\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f3\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'e8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e2\'ef\'eb\'e9\'ea\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f7\'ed\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'df\'ed\'e7\'f4\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'ed\'f3\'f4
\'e9\'ea\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'fd\'e8\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'e9\'f4\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0
\'e9\'f6\'e1\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'fe\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'e1
\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'dc\'ec\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'ef\'e4\'e7\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'fd\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'bc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'ef\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f0\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7
\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f0\'f4\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'ec\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ea\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'fd\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb
\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'fe\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb
\'eb\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'fd\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'e1\'ec
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ,\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'e5
\'eb\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'e3\'ea\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'f4\'fc\'f0\'e9\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'e1\'ec\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e1\'f4\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f1\'f7\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f3\'e1\'ed\'e1\'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'dd\'f1\'f7\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'e1\'e3\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'e3\'e9\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'e4\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'e9\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'eb\'eb\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed
\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e5\'f7\'e8\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\'fd\'f0\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e5\'eb\'e8
\'fc\'ed\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'f4\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dc\'f3\'f4\'f1\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'f6\'f1\'dc\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'de\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'bc\'f3\'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'f5\'dc\'e9\'eb\'ed\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 13 - \'f6\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f6\'e5\'fd\'e3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'e9\'e8\'e1\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'fd\'f1\'ea\'ef
\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'e3\'ea\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e7
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'f8\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'eb\'de\'f3\'e5\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'eb
\'e9\'f7\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'fd\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'eb\'f5\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f3\'e9\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'fc\'f1\'f6\'f9\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'e8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e6\'e7\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'de\'ec\'e1
\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e3\'ed\'fe\'f1\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f3\'f6\'dc\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e5\'ee\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f6\'e1\'e3\'e7\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e3\'dd\'ed
\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'eb\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . - \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'e9\'ea\'df\'eb\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'e1\'f6\'f1\'fe
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'e3\'e5\'eb\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f7\'dc\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'f7\'ef\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f5\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'f1\'e1\'e2\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'f4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc
\'e8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e5\'f5\'e8\'fd\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'f3\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e9\'f4\'fc\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'e1\'e8
\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e2\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'df
\'ed\'e7\'f4\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ee\'e9\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'df\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ed
\'e1\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e9\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e9\'fe\'e8\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'f7\'e1\'f3
\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f3\'f4\'f5\'f7\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'eb\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e5\'f5\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'df\'ed\'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ea\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ed\'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\'f3\'f3\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'fc\'e4\'ef
\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'ec\'ef\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'fc\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc
\'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e4\'ef\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ed\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f1\'dc\'ea\'f3\'e9\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2
\'e9\'e2\'eb\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'df\'f7\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'e9\'dd\'ee\'ef\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f6\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e3\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f9\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f3\'ea\'ef\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'dc\'eb\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'f0\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f6\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fd\'f7\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'dd\'f1\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'ef\'f4\'e5\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'e8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe
\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'e7\'e8\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e5\'ec\'f0\'ef\'e4\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 - \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f7\'f9\'f1\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'ef\'f0\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'f1\'e1\'f0\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed
\'fc\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e4\'e5\'e4\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'ec\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'ef\'de\'f3
\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'de\'f1\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'dc\'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f4\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e8\'e1\'f1\'f1\'fd\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'eb\'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'f5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ba\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'f6\'f4\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cb\'df\'e3\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f5\'f1\'dc\'e3\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f4\'e1\'e3\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'f0\'f4\'f5\'ee
\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'ed\'ef\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'ed\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'e9\'eb\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'f1\'f4\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'e2\'eb\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ed\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f1\'dc\'ea\'f3\'e9\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e4\'e5\'e9
\'ea\'ed\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e1
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'f9\'f4\'df\'f3\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f8\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e5\'ee\'e7\'e3
\'de\'f3\'e5\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'dd\'f1\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e5\'f0\'e1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'e9\'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e5\'e3\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e5\'ee\'ef\'f7\'de\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1
\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e5\'ee\'ef\'f7\'de\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'e9\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'f3\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'e9\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'f3\'f4\'e5
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3
\'e5\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4
\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'be\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ef\'f5\'ed\'f5\'dc\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'d5\'f8\'e7\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e1\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ea\'df\'e5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'df\'eb\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'f4\'dc
\'f1\'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f3\'ea\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 (Four Exertions), \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf
\'ea\'f4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'cd\'f4\'f5\'dc\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e8\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'e1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed
\'e1\'e3\'f9\'e3\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'f3\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ef\'fd\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e3\'ed\'fe\'f3\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'e9\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5
\'fd\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'f3\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'f4\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f8\'f5\'f7\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'ef\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dd\'f1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ed\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f1\'dc\'ea\'f3\'e9\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'e8\'e5\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'f3\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'ef\'e9\'e1\'e6\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ea\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'eb\'eb\'ef\'e3\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e3\'e5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'e9\'ec\'e7\'eb\'df\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f3\'ea\'ef\'ed\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f5\'e1\'eb\'e9\'f3
\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e8\'e5\'f4\'e7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5
\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f5\'e1\'eb\'dc\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e4\'f1\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'ef\'f3\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'fe\'ed
\'e1\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d0\'dd\'f1\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'e9\'e1\'ea\'ef
\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'eb\'df\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4
\'dd\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\'ea\'e5\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ee\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'df\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dc
\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'ea\'e1
\'f4\'dc\'f4\'e1\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e9\'e1\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'ec\'e5\'eb\'df\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'f1\'de\'e3
\'ef\'f1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'e1\'f1\'ec\'ef
\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\'f3\'f4\'e5\'f5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e9\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'a2\'eb\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'d5\'f8\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4
\'e5\'f1\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'dd\'e3\'e1\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'ef\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4
\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'ed\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ed\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f1\'dc\'ea\'f3\'e9\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\'ee\'f9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'c4\'c2\'d4\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'df\'f7\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f7\'f5\'f0\'ef\'f8\'df\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'ec\'e7\'ed\'e5\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'f4\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ed\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f1\'dc\'ea\'f3
\'e9\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ed
\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f1\'dc\'ea\'f3\'e9\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e4\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e5\'ed\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'f9\'f4\'ef\'f4\'f5\'f0\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'e5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'dc\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 . \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'df\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f7\'f5\'f0\'ef\'f8\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e9\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ee\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9
\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'ec\'e7\'ed\'e5\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'e9\'e6\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'e9\'e6\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4
\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ed\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f1\'dc\'ea\'f3\'e9\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'f7\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7
\'e3\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'ea\'f6\'f1\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f3\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\'fd\'ec\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'dd\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f6\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'df\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'e9\'e6\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'e8\'e5\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e9\'e1\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'f7\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'eb\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'dd\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e1\'f0\'ef\'ec\'e5\'e9\'ed\'dc\'ed\'f4
\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'ef\'eb\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cc\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'e9\'e6
\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ed\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f1\'dc\'ea\'f3\'e9\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e9
\'dc\'f6\'ef\'f1\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'fc\'f6\'f5\'f4\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'e3\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'fc\'eb\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'f5\'f1\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'c4\'c2\'d4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f5\'f7\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e9\'f9\'e8\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd
\'ea\'f0\'eb\'e7\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'dd\'e2\'e5\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'e9\'e1\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'e9\'eb\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'dd\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e2\'e9\'e2\'eb\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f4\'fd\'f0\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'c8\'e5\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f5\'eb\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 !- \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'f1\'ef\'e1\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e5\'fd\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e9\'e3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'f0\'f9\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec
\'e2\'ef\'f5\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'fd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e5\'df\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'ef\'f7\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ed\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f1\'dc\'ea\'f3\'e9\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e4\'f9\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'e9\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  1968, \'eb\'df\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'f1\'f5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'c4\'c2\'d4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e5
\'e9\'f1\'ef\'f4\'fc\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'eb\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e4\'e5\'ea\'e1\'e5\'f4\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'c4\'c2\'d4\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fe\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'eb\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ea\'ef\'ec\'f8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'c5\'f0\'e9\'f7\'e5\'e9\'f1\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f9\'f3
\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ec\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'dc\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'d3\'ea\'ef\'f0\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f1\'e4\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'de\'ec
\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'dc\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'fc\'ec\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'e5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'dd\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1
\'df\'f0\'f4\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'fc\'f1\'f6\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb
\'e5\'e9\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e3\'e1\'f1\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'ea\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f0\'e9\'f7\'e5\'e9\'f1\'de\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ec\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'dc\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7
\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'ec\'e5\'e9\'ea\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'dd\'f3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d5\'f0\'de\'f1\'ee\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef
\'eb\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'ef\'e9\'ea\'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e5\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'df\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e4\'f9\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\'e1\'ec\'f6\'e9\'f3\'e2
\'de\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'ef\'eb\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ec\'dd\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'de
\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'e1\'f1\'dc\'ea\'f3\'e9\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'eb\'ef\'fd\'f3
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0
\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e4\'e9\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'f6\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ,\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  1968, \'e5\'f0\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4
\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f1\'e5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f7\'f1\'dd\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1
\'e3\'ea\'e1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'fc\'f6\'eb\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e3\'e1\'f1\'e9\'e1\'f3\'ec\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'de\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'c4\'c2
\'d4\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f3\'ef\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
, \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'f1\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e9\'ea\'e7\'e3\'fc\'f1\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'f4\'dd\'f7\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'eb\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . - 
\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'f1\'ef\'f3\'e5\'e3\'e3\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ed\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f1\'dc\'ea\'f3\'e9\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e9\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f1\'e3\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e9
\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f1\'e3\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ec\'e5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'ef\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f0\'e9\'f7\'e5\'e9
\'f1\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ec\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'dc\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'ef\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e1\'ec\'fc\'f1\'f6\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb
\'e5\'e9\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f1\'e3\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e1\'df\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ea\'e1\'e5
\'f4\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'e5\'e9\'ea\'ed\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'eb\'eb\'e9\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'fe\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'ea\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'c4\'c2\'d4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'e9\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ed\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f1\'dc\'ea\'f3\'e9\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'dc\'eb\'e5\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  "\'f4\'e1\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ea\'ef\'f5\'f1\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'b8\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ea\'ef\'f5\'f1\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dc\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f0\'e5\'f1\'ed\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'e1\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'ed\'e1\'ea\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1
\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'f3\'f9\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'df\'f7\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'eb\'e1\'f4\'f4\'fe\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f0\'e5\'f1\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'ea\'eb\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'e9\'eb\'e9\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'df\'f7\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\'f1\'f1\'e1\'eb\'dd\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ec\'dc\'f4\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'ed\'f4
\'f1\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ea\'ef\'f5\'f1\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e9\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'f1\'dd\'f6\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'df\'f7\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'f3\'f9\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0
\'ef\'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f0\'f4\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'ec\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'f5\'ec\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e8\'dd\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'ef\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'e3
\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e6\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'ef\'e4\'e5\'fd\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ec\'e5\'f4\'f9\'f0\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fc\'e2\'ef\'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'ec\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'de\'eb\'e5\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e1\'df\'f3\'e9\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e8\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e2\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'fc\'ed\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9
\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'eb
\'eb\'e7\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'fe\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'ed\'f4\'eb\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'f5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e1\'df\'f3\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'c4\'c2\'d4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'fc\'eb\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e3
\'ea\'e1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'ef\'e9\'ea\'e5\'e9\'f9\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e3\'ed\'fe\'f3\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ed\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f1\'dc\'ea\'f3
\'e9\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'fe\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'df\'ea\'ef\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec
\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f1\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'e8\'dd\'f4\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e3\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\'ee\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'dd\'ee\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'c4
\'c2\'d4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'fe\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6
\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'ea\'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0
\'e9\'f3\'e7\'ec\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'e1\'e3\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53   \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f0\'eb\'de\'f3\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cb\'fc\'e3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec
\'f6\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ed\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f1\'dc\'ea\'f3\'e9\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'e3\'ed\'fe\'ec\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fc\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f4\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'de\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f4\'de\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'f7\'ef\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f1\'e8\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'e4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  Mitrata. \'c5\'f0\'df\'f3
\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e4\'f9\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'dc\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f1\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef
\'e9\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'c4\'c2\'d4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ec\'dc\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'e2\'eb\'df\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'eb\'f0\'df\'e6\'f9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'de\'f3\'e9\'ec\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'de\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'fe\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Chris Pauling
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'e5\'f6\'dc\'eb\'e1\'e9\'ef}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  1
\par 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'be\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5
\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'bc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'e3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7
\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'e4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'cf\'e4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e4\'e7\'e3\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'cd\'e9\'f1\'e2\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f9\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6
\'fd\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'e4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'e9\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'de\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'e8\'e1
\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f4\'f1\'dd\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'e9\'dc\'eb\'ef\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , -\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'e9\'dc\'eb\'ef\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c3\'fd\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'f1\'ef\'f7\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'f4\'dc
\'f1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'de\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'a2\'eb\'f3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'eb\'e1\'f6\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'f1\'ed\'dc\'e8\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f4\'e5\'f5\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4
\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'dc\'eb\'f5\'f8\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'ea\'dc\'eb\'f5\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'e5\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
: \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f4\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dc\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'e7\'e3\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dc\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 .

\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f7\'ef\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f7\'ef\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'d0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'ef\'f3
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'ed\'e4\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'e9\'e2\'dd\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'f0\'ef\'fd\'f1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'e1\'fb\'eb\'dc\'ed\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'e1\'f0\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca
\'e5\'fb\'eb\'dc\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'ef\'f0\'ef\'f5\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'fe\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5
\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'e4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'f0\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
, \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'ef\'e9\'ea\'e5\'e9\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'e4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f5\'f6\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'e3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4
\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ed\'f3\'ea\'f1\'e9
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f1\'f5\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e1\'ed\'e3\'ea\'df\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'ec\'dc\'f1\'e3\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : 
\'dc\'f1\'e9\'f5\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'e1\'f4\'f4\'f7\'e1\'ed\'e3\'ea\'df\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'ec\'dc\'e3\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ), \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5
\'f4\'e1\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f1\'f5\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4
\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'e1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'ed\'e4\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9
\'ef\'fd\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f5\'eb\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'e5\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dd\'e2\'e7\'ea\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ed\'e4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'e4\'e9\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f1\'e5\'e9\'ef\'e4\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e1\'f3\'ec\'dc
\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ea\'f4\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e8\'e1\'e3\'e5\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e7\'e8\'f5\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . M\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'f1\'e1\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'fe\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f1\'f5\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e3\'f9\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'dc\'f1\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'e1\'f0\'dd\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea
\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f7\'f1\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec
\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'dd\'f1\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f4\'e9\'e4\'de
\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ec\'e5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'ec\'e5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f0\'fc\'eb
\'f5\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'f4\'e9\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1
\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'ef\'e4\'ef\'ee
\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f0\'ef\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1
\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f1\'f5\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f1\'f5\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e9\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 ".
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed
\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5
\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'e5\'f1\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . (\'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'dc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c3\'ea\'ef\'e2\'df\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e4\'e9\'e7\'e3\'de\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'dc\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e5\'e4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c3\'e5\'f1\'ec\'e1\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0
\'de\'f1\'f7\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'f0\'e1\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f3\'f4
\'de\'f1\'e9\'e6\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f1\'f5\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'de\'ec\'e1\'e9\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'de\'ec\'e1\'e9\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e9\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'ca\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f7\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f3
\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f7\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'e5\'f1\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed
\'e5\'f7\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f7\'e1\'df\'f1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'df\'f7
\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'eb\'dc\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'e4\'e9\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'dc\'f3\'ea\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f5\'f1\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e5\'e9
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\'ef\'ed\'df\'ea\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'ea
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e9\'e5\'f1\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e8\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'e2\'eb\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'dc\'f3\'f3\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 .)
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ed\'f3\'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ef\'ea\'f4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'e5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e3\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ec\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", "\'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f6\'fd\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'d3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5
\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'e3\'f7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ed\'e4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'eb\'fe\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'ed\'ea\'e1\'ed
\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f0\'f1\'e1\'ed\'dc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'eb\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dd\'f1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f6\'dc\'eb\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . (\'d3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\'f3\'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f6\'dc\'eb\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f4\'f4\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'e3\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f5\'f8\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ".) \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef
\'ea\'f4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'ef\'f7\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'de\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e3\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'e4\'e7\'eb\'fe\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1
\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'ef\'f7\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'f5\'f3\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e3\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ef\'ea\'f4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ea\'f4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'f1\'e3\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  "\'ec\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ef\'e4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 ".
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e2\'de\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5
\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e3\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dc\'ec\'f5\'e1\'e3\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'ed
\'f4\'f1\'df\'f3\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\'f3\'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f3\'dc\'ec\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'ed\'f4\'df\'f4\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ). \'d3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f9\'f3\'f4\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f0\'f4\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f7\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2
\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f4\'ef\'f0\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'fc\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f4\'f1\'dd\'f7\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f4\'f5\'ec\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 
\'d4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dc\'ec\'f5\'e1\'e3\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'ed\'f4\'f1\'df\'f3\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e9
\'f0\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'d3\'dc\'ec\'f5\'e1\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dc\'ec\'f5\'e1\'e3\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e7\'e3\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'eb\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", "\'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", "\'e5\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", "\'e1\'ea\'dd\'f1\'e1\'e9
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", "\'ef\'eb\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", "\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'d3\'df\'e3\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'ea\'e5\'e9
\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'e8\'e5\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'eb\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 ". \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'d3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed
\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'e4\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f4\'fd\'f0\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
" \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'e8\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'eb\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'ea
\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'e8\'e5\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'eb\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'eb
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f4\'fd\'f0\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'f1
\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'ef\'f0\'eb\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'eb\'e7\'f8\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef
\'fd\loch\f53 .\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dc\'ec\'f5\'e1\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'bc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dd\'f6\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", "\'e5\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", "\'e1\'ea\'dd\'f1\'e1\'e9\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", "\'ef\'eb\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", "\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'d0\'e9\'e8\'e1\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5
\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 ".
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'f4\'f1\'df\'f3\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e3\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'df\'e6\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'fc\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", "\'e8\'dd\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", "\'fc\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'c4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'df\'e3\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e9\'e1
\'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'e7\'f1\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3
\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'e8\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ec\'e5\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e4\'e9\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'e5\'eb\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dc\'ec\'f5\'e1\'e3
\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'ed\'f4\'f1\'df\'f3\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'de\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'ed\'e1\'f0\'fc\'f6\'e5\'f5\'ea\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'f1\'e5\'e2\'eb\'fe\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'dd\'f3\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e5
\'f0\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f0\'f1\'e9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'ea\'e1\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e5\'eb\'dd\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'ea\'e7\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dc\'ec\'f5\'e1\'e3\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
-\'ed\'f4\'f1\'df\'f3\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e7\'f3\'e9\'dd\'f3\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'c1\'ea\'dd\'f1
\'e1\'e9\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\loch\f53 "\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 ". \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'ed\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1
\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'fc\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'ed\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ea\'e1\'f1\'e4\'e9\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'f1\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ee\'e9\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'de
\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'e2\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e4\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'d3\'f9
\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'e3\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'f5\'f0\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'f4\'f1\'e9\'ec\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'e1\'eb\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ed\'ef\'df\'e3\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'dd\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'ef\'df\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'fc\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'e4\'ef\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ": \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3
\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'df\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f6\'e1\'e9\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'fc\'f1\'f6\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'fd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9
\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'ed\'e4\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf
\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e9\'f1\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e3\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e7\'e3\'ef\'f1\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " (\'ed\'f4\'dc\'f1\'f3\'e1\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'ec\'dc\'f1\'e3\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ), 
\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'fc\'f1\'f6
\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " (\'ec\'f0\'dc\'e2\'e1\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'ec\'dc\'f1\'e3\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ). \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e9\'f1\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'ea\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'ef\'f7\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'e4\'df\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'de\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e3\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'fc\'f1\'f6\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e1\'f0\'ef\'ec\'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e2\'de\'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ": \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef
\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f1\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 ,\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'fc
\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'e8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dc\'f1\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'f1\'f7\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'fc\'f1\'f6\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'fc\'f1\'f6\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 .\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'eb\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'ec\'f0\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e2\'de\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'f0\'f1\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'fc\'eb\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'de\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'f6\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'de\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea
\'eb\'e7\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'e8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'e9\'f9\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc
\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'ef\'eb\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0
\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'e9\'ea\'e9\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f0\'f4\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5
\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'e7\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4
\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'f1\'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e1\'e3\'f9\'e4\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'dd\'ed\'e8\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fe\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'bc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'ed\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f3
\'f4\'e1\'f4\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'e9\'f3
\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'ef\'f0\'dd\'e4\'f9\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ,\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e1\'f0\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'df\'ec\'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'e5\'df\'f0\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f1\'f7\'df\'e6\'ef
\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'dc\'f7\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'f4\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e9\'fc\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'fc\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f3\'ea\'ef\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1
\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'e8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f5\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . (\'c4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f1\'dd\'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ec\'f5\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f4\'e9\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ec\'f5\'f3\'f4\'de\'f1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'ed\'de\'e3\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'eb\'e5\'df\'f8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .) \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1
\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ea\'e5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f5\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e3\'f1\'dc\'f6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'e2\'eb\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  Bucke, Cosmic Consciousness (\'ca\'ef\'f3\'ec\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ), \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'ec\'ef\'f3\'e9\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e7\'ea\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  1901 \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'de\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ee\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e2\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'ef\'ee\'e5\'ed\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f0\'eb\'e7\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'dc\'ed\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f1\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'e2\'e5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'f4\'ef\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f9\'f1
\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e5\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e1\'e2\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dd\'f3\'f5\'f1\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'fd\'f8\'f9\'f3\'e1
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'dd\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\'ee\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f1\'e9\'e6\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e2\'eb\'e5\'f0\'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f5\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1
\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'f4\'e1\'f4\'dc\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'ef\'e9\'f7\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e3\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'eb\'e9\'ef\'e2\'e1\'f3\'df\'eb\'e5\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e4\'f1\'ef\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'fe\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f7\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e1\'eb\'de\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f0\'e5\'f1\'ed\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cc\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'dd\'eb\'e8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'df\'ed\'e1\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'ec\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f0\'f4\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'e5\'f1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'dd\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'e8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'ea\'f1\'fc\'f7\'f1
\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'eb\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'e9\'f1\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'eb\'eb\'dc\'e2\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4
\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f5\'e8\'ef\'ec\'e5\'f4\'f1\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'ea\'e5\'e1\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e5\'f0\'f4\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'fc\'f3\'ef\'f6\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f6\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ea\'f5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'eb\'e5\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'ef\'e4\'e7\'e3\'ef\'fd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed
\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'a2\'eb\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'fe\'f3
\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'ea\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'bc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f3\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e1\'eb\'e7\'ed\'e5\'f5\'e8\'e5\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'fd\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1
\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f1\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'dc\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e8\'de\'ea\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'e5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'dd\'eb\'e8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e9\'e4\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e5\'e3\'e1\'eb\'fe\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'eb\'e7\'f8\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dc\'e6
\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f6\'dc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fe\'ed
\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f5\'f6\'e1\'ed\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'f4\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'ed\'e1\'ea\'eb\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'fc\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'e8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f1\'df\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'e9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f7\'f5\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'ec\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f6\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'e8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'eb\'e9\'ea\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\'f5\'ed\'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'ef\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ! \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e5\'e9\'e1\'e6\'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'dd\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'ec\'f6\'e9\'f3\'e2\'de\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
, \'e3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e6\'e7\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'e8\'e5\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'f0\'eb\'e1\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4
\'e9\'e1\'f6\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed
\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c5\'f0\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'e1\'eb\'f5\'f6\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'f4\'e9
\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'e1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'e1\'ed\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3
\'dd\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f6\'fd\'e3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f7\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2
\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  Wordsworth, "\'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e6\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " ("The world is too much with us"). \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f8\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f7\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e2\'e4\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'fd\'e3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 
\'c5\'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e1\'e3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'e9
\'f3\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'e5\'f1\'e3\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'ed\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'e2\'e1\'e8\'fd\'ed\'ef
\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'e5\'f5\'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'f4\'fd\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f3\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'f1\'dd\'f8\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f6\'e1\'ed\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'ed\'e1\'ea\'e5\'f6\'e1\'eb\'e1\'e9\'fe\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f7\'f5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'ef\'f0\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'fc\'f1\'f6\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f5\'f8\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f8\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'fc\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4
\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f3\'ea\'ef\'f0\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'fd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc
\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec
\'ef\'f1\'f6\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'be\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 ; \'d3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e3\'ef\'f4\'e5\'f7\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f7\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef
\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'e7\'e8\'dc\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'f0\'eb\'e1\'ed\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'dc\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'e5\'f6\'e1\'eb\'df\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'dc\'f6
\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'e8\'e5\'eb\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'eb\'dc\'e2\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ed\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'f4\'e9\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f9\'f1\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'dc\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'e5\'f6\'e1\'eb\'df\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef
\'e8\'e5\'f4\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . "\'d3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'f5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'f6\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'fd\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , "\'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ca\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'ef\'e7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'e4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'e2\'dc\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  - \'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fc\'e3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ed\'ef\'eb\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'ef\'f3\'ef\'f6\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'ec\'e9\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'ed\'e8\'e1\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f4\'f5\'f0
\'fe\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f7\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f7\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e8\'e7\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'fd\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ca\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'de\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e1\'f0\'e1\'e9\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'f0\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e5\'f1\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'eb\'dd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9
\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'ea\'f4\'ef\'f1\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'f0\'eb\'fe\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9
\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'ef\'f3\'ef\'f6\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cd\'ef\'ec\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'f3\'e1\'f7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd
\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'ef\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e1\'ed\'f4\'f5\'e1\'ec\'df\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c3\'e9\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'e3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'e1\'f4\'f3\'dc\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'f1\'e2\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'e2\'dc\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'d3\'e1\'ef\'f5\'f4\'f1\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'ef\'eb\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'e9\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dc\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'e2\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ec\'f3\'dc\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'eb\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'fd\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'eb\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'e4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed
\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e5\'f6\'e1\'f1\'ec\'ef\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'dc\'f3\'ea\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5
\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 .}{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'f6\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dc\'ec\'f5\'e1\'e3\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'ed\'f4\'f1\'df\'f3\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed
\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'eb\'dd\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5
\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'ef\'eb\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'ef\'f3\'ef\'f6\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .  \'c5
\'ea\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'e8\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ec\'e5\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd
\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'e1\'eb\'e9\'ea\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'eb\'eb\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9
\'e1\'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'e9\'e1\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f6\'e9\'eb\'ef\'f3\'ef\'f6\'e9
\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f3\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'eb\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ., \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e4
\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'f5\'f4\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f0\'f4\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'e1\'f3
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'d4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'c5\'df\'ed
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'ed\'f4\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f5\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e2\'ef\'eb\'e9
\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ee\'fd\'ec\'f9\'f1\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'e2\'eb\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dd\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e7\'e8\'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f4\'e5\'ed\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4
\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'ef\'f3\'ef\'f6\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'f7\'ed\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\loch\f53 '
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'e5\'f1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dc\'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'f3\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f6\'e1\'ed\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f6\'e1\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'dd\'e3\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\'e1\'ed\'f4\'dc\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'e7\'f1\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1
\'e8\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e4\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'dc\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'ef\'f3\'ef\'f6\'e9\'ea\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'f3\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'e1\'e4\'e7\'ec\'e1\'fa\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ee\'e5\'ea\'dc\'e8\'e1\'f1\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'f1\'df\'f3\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e4\'fe\'f3
\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1
\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e5\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fd\'f1\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e5\'e9\'ea\'ef\'ed\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1
\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'f1\'ef\'f7\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ). \'c1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e4\'fe\'f3\'ef
\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\'e8\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1
\'ea\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'ef\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'f4\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'e7\'f1\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0
\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'e3\'e5\'eb\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'ef\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'f1\'ef\'f7\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c6\'f9\'de\'f2
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'f1\'ef\'f7\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5
\'eb\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'fc\'ea\'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fd\'ea\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'dd
\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ec\'de\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'ef\'f7\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'ef\'ed\'f4
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'fe\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'ea\'ef\'f1\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'df\'e4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'ef\'df\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e1\'e3\'ea\'fe\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ed\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'fe\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'ef\'eb\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e7\'f4\'de\'f1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'e7\'f3\'f4\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'dc\'ed\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'dd\'e3\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\'ed\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'ef\'f7\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1
\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fd\'ea\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e9\'f1\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'fd\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'f0\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'f0\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'e7
\'e3\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'fd\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'e1\'ea\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'de\'e8\'e9\'ea\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'e7\'e3\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f3\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'f4
\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fd\'ea\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e9\'f1\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ee\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " 
\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f6\'e1\'df\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'e2\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'fe\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'ed\'e1\'e3\'e5\'ed\'ed\'e9\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ee\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f4\'dc\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'e9\'ed\'e1\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f3\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'f9
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'eb\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'fe\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e1\'df\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fd\'ea\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0
\'ef\'df\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e5\'f6\'dc\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'ef\'f7\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f7\'f9
\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'e4\'e5\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e3\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e9\'ed
\'f4\'dc\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'df\'ea\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e5\'e9\'ea\'ef\'ed
\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec
\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'ef\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'eb\'e7\'eb\'ef\'e5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'fe\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e1\'f4\'e1\'e3\'f9\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (
\'f0\'f1\'e1\'f4\'df\'f4\'f5\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'f3\'e1\'ec\'ef\'f5\'f4\'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ). \'d4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e9\'ed\'f4\'dc\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'df\'f7\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'f0\'f4\'ef\'ec\'dd\'f1\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3
\'dd\'ed\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\'ed\'dc\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'ed\'e1\'e3\'dd\'ed\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d0\'f1\'fc\'ea\'e5\'e9\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'fe\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ec\'e2
\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef
\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'f1\'dd\'f6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'ef\'f7\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'f1\'ef\'f7\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'f1\'ef\'f7\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'e1\'ed\'dc\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'f0
\'e1\'f1\'e1\'f3\'fd\'f1\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'ee\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'e1\'ed\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 
\'c2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'f1\'ef\'f7\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e1\'ed
\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e5\'e9\'ea\'ef\'ed\'df\'e6
\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e8\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'eb\'f9\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'f0\'fc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'c4\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'eb\'e1\'e4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'fc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f0\'e1\'ed\'dd\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'de\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'e4\'e9\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fe\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f0\'dd\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f6
\'ef\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fe\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f7\'ed\'e5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e5\'e9\'ea\'ef\'ed\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'df\'e1\loch\f53  
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'dc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'dd\'f1\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'ea\'f1\'f5\'f6\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'e5\'f5\'ea\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\'eb\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'f0\'eb\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'fc\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'df\'f4\'f1\'e9\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
, \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'fc\'ea\'ea\'e9\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f7\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e5\'e9\'ea\'ef\'ed\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'c1\'e3\'ed\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'fe\'f1\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'c5\'f5\'f4\'f5\'f7\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'fe\'f1\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " -\'d3\'ef\'f5\'ea\'e1\'e2\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'f5\'ea\'eb\'f9\'ec\'dd
\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'fd\'e8\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'f0\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e9
\'f3\'dc\'f4\'f4\'e2\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'e9\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'ea\'ef\'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e3\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'e4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f4\'e7\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'ef\'e5\'e9\'e4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e4\'dd\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'e5\'f1\'e8\'e5\'df\'f3\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'ea\'e9\'ed\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'f1\'ef\'f7\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e8\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'dc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5
\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec
\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'dc\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dd\'f3\'ec\'e5\'f5\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'e1\'f1\'df\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'f1\'ef\'f7\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'e8\'e1\'ed\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'dc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'e3\'ed\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'d7\'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'f5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'e7\'e3\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 ,\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'eb\'e7\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'e8\'e1\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e9\'e3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53   \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ,\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e9\'e1\'ea\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'dc\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'ef\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5
\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e7\'e3\'ef
\'f1\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'e5\'f1\'e8\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'eb\'e7\'f0\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 :  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53   \'d4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53   \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53   \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ,  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'f1\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'be\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ,  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'ed\'e1\'e3\'dd\'ed\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\'f5\'dc\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'e1\'eb\'e5\'fd\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'ec\'e7\'ed\'e5\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f5\'ec\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed
\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4
\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'f4\'e7\'e3\'ef\'f1\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dc\'ec\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9
\'f4\'fd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'eb\'e7\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9
\'e5\'f2
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'df\'e4\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'ec\'ef\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'e5\'f3\'f3\'dc\'f1\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb
\'e7\'e8\'e5\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'ee\'de\'f2\loch\f53 :
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 1. \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f3\'e1\'f1\'ec\'ef\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'fd\'f1\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'fe\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 2. \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f4\'df\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'f9\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9
\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e4\'df\'f8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 3. \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee
\'dc\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f8\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'e1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec
\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'fe\'ed\'f5\'ec\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 4. \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'e7\'e3\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dc\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc
\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'f0\'e9\'f3\'e7\'ec\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f4\'df\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'d4\'f1\'ef\'f7\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f5\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'df\'f4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f4\'df
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\'f3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'e4\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'f5\'ea\'eb\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f4\'df\'e2\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'ef\'eb\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'f1\'ef\'f7\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'f1\'df\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
, \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dc\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'dc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'f4\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'de\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 - \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'ef\'e5\'e9\'e4
\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'e1\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9
\'e1\'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ,\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4
\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4
\'e7\'e3\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'be\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'be\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'e4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'eb\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ed\'de\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 1. \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'be\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e7
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f1\'f7\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f9\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'ed\'fc\'e4\'ef\'ed\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc
\'f8\'e9\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dc\'f7\'f4\'f5\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'dc\'ec\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e7\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f7\'e1\'f1\'df\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0
\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'df\'e3\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'e5\'df\'f8\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'ed\'dc\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e5\'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'dd\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'de\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'fd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'e4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f1\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef
\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'f4\'e9\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'ed\'de\'ea\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f3\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'e5\'eb\'e7\'f4\'dd\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f4\'f5\'f7\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 .

\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 2. \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'be\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'e4\'e9\'ea\'de
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'bc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'e1\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'e4\'e9\'ea\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'f0\'f4
\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f1\'ea\'e5\'df\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'eb\'ef\'df\'f9\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'fd\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e5\'f1\'fc\'eb\'e5\'f0\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'e5\'f1\'ed\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'f1\'ed\'dc\'ec\'e5\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e3\'fd\'f1\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e8\'e5\'df\'f1\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f4\'e1\'e8\'e5\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'e3\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'dd\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'fd\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5
\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'f0\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'e8\'e5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'e4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ea\'f1\'e1\'f4\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 3. \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'be\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ed\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4
\'f5\'f3\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'ef\'f4\'e5\'e9\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'e9\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f6\'dc\'eb\'e1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'e5\'fd\'ea\'e1\'ed\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\'e8\'e5\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'be\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'e9\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e5
\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ed\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3
\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'f4\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f7\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'ed\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'f8\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'fd\'f6\'e9\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e8\'e9\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e9\'fe\'e8\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed
\'de\'f3\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'e8\'e5\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'ed\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'f0\'f4\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'e8\'e5\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4
\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1
\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f0\'e1\'ed\'e1\'e3\'dd\'ed\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e7
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fc\'e3\'ec\'e1
\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e6\'f9\'ed\'f4\'e1\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'e4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3
\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cb\'dd\'e3\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ec\'ef\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f9\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dd\'eb\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'ed\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\'ed\'dc\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'ed\'e1\'e3\'e5\'ed\'ed\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'fc\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5
\'f0\'ef\'eb\'ef\'df\'f0\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea
\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'e4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'e9\'f4\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e7\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e5
\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'ed\'e1\'e3\'e5\'ed\'ed\'e9\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e6\'e7\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e7\'e3\'ef
\'fd\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e7\'e3\'ef\'f1\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e8\'e7\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'be\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f0\'e1\'ed\'e1\'e3\'dd\'ed\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3
\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0
\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e7\'e3\'ef\'f1\'df\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'e9\'ed\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ed\'e1
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e9\'e8\'e1\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2
\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e7\'e3\'ef\'f1\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e1\'f7\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ef\'f5\'ed\'f5\'dc\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ef\'f5\'ed\'f5\'dc\'f4\'e1\'f2
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'ef\'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'f5\'dc\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'eb\'e5\'ee\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f6\'f1\'e1\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\'f5\'dc\'f4
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ef\'fd\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'fd\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7
\'e8\'e9\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " - \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'e2\'e5\'f1\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ! \'c1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd
\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\'f5\'dc\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'dc\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'f5\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f3\'df
\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e4\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4
\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'f9\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'bc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'df\'f9\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 .

\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 1. \'d3\'e1\'ec\'f3\'ea\'f1\'df\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ef\'f5\'ed\'f5\'dc\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5
\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7
\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'e9\'ed\'ef\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
, \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4
\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f0\'fc\'eb\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
, \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e9\'ec\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53  \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 (\'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e9\'ec\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e9\'ec\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ), \'ea
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f0\'fc\'eb\'f5\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e5\'df\'f4
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'cc\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\'f5\'ed\'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'e4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7
\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'f3\'dc\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e9\'f1\'e2\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f1\'ea\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'f4\'e9
\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee
\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f0\'fc\'eb\'f5\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'f3
\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 2. \'c1\'f3\'e1\'ec\'f3\'ea\'f1\'df\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ef\'f5\'ed\'f5\'dc\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e5\'df\'f4
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e9\'f1\'e2\'dc\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f3\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'ed\'ef\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'e4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec
\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\'f5\'ed\'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'e8
\'e5\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e7\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f0\'f9
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ee\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'f1
\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea
\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef
\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\'f5\'dc\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'ef\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e5
\'df\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'e1\'ed\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4
\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'fa\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'dd\'e3\'e3\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'df\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f1\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f7\'f9\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e5\'e4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'b7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e4
\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'cc\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e9\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'e9\'ed\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'d3\'ef\'f6\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0
\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'f3\'f9\'f0
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'f9\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f0\'df\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'e9\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f3\'f9\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f0\'df\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53  -\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'de\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'f7\'ed\'e9
\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'ed\'f4\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e4\'fc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f1\'ea\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'e9\'ed\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e5\'e9\'ec
\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ea\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'df\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'f4\'f1
\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'f4\'dc\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'e5\'f7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'f4\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'df\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'f5\'f0\'fc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ed\'dc\'e3\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'ef\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'eb\'ef\'df\'f9\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'f1
\'fc\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'f5\'f0\'fc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f8\'f5\'f7\'ef\'f6\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4
\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e1
\'f7\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'d3\'ef\'f6\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e3\'f9\'e3\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\'f5\'dc\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'fe\'f0\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e5\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e1\'f7\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e5\'df\'e6\'ef\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'dc\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'df\'e6\'ef\'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'dc\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'e5\'fd\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f6\'e1\'f3\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e1\'f7\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea
\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e3\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\'fc\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee
\'e1\'f3\'f6\'e1\'eb\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'eb\'e7\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'eb\'f5\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1
\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'dc\'f1\'ec
\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'e9\'f4\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'dc\'f3\'f3\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'dc\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0
\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'e9\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'ed
\'ef\'ec\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\'f5\'dc\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ef\'f6\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e1\'f7\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'d4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ef\'f6\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ea\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'e1\'f1
\'e1\'ec\'df\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ef\'f6\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2
\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\'f5\'dc\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'ed\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f3\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e8\'de\'ea\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd
\'f4\'e1\'f1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\'f5\'dc\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'de\'ea\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e1\'f7\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 3. \'cc\'dc\'f7\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ef\'f5\'ed\'f5\'dc\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e1\'f7\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , "\'cc\'dc\'f7\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'e5\'ea\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'eb\'e5\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\'f5\'dc\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc
\'e1\'f7\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'bc\'f7\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\'f5\'dc
\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 ".
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'dc\'f7\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ef\'f5\'ed\'f5\'dc\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e5\'e3
\'dc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f7\'f9\'f1
\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f7\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f3
\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'fa\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'eb\'e7\'f8\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'e5\'f1\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dd\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ea\'e1\'f0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ea\'ef\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e9\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\'e8\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df
\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee
\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ea\'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4
\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'dc\'e2\'ef\'f5
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e2\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\'f4
\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f7\'f9\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'e8\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'ef\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e2\'e9\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'ef\'fd\'f0\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\'f5\'dc\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'ec\'ef\'f1
\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'e1\'f1
\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f9\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - 
\'ec\'ef\'e9\'f1\'dc\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 ,\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'eb\'f5\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'cc\'dc\'f7\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ef\'f5\'ed\'f5\'dc\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'fa\'f3\'ec\'ef\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'e2\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f0\'e9\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c8\'dd\'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e5\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'fa\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e5\'e3\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e5\'df\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5
\'eb\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'ef\'ec\'ef\'e9\'f9\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5
\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f0\'e7\'eb\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'df\'e3\'f1\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'f7\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'e7\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
, \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ee\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' 
\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  
\par 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 4. \'d3\'ef\'f5\'ed\'f5\'dc\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ef\'f5\'ed\'f5\'dc\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e5\'ed
\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e2\'e5\'e2\'e1\'e9\'fe\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5
\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f7\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'dc\'f7\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ef\'f5\'ed\'f5\'dc\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'ec\'f5\'e4\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'f7\'ed\'e7\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc
\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f3\'f3\'ef\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'fa\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'e5\'df\'f8\'ef
\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ef\'f5\'ed\'f5\'dc\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ef\'f5\'ed
\'f5\'dc\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'dd\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'f0\'f9\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'f9\'f0\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f1\'f5\'f3\'de\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'f9\'f0\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  "\'e2\'f1\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e5\'f1\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'f9\'f0\'de\loch\f53 ".
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'bc\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e7\'e3\'ef\'f1\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7
\'e9\'ed\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e1\'f7\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'f1\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dd\'ef\'ed\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'df\'ed\'e4\'f5\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e4\'dd\'f8\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f6\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'f0\'df\'e6\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f6
\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\'df\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dc\'ec
\'f5\'e1\'e3\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'ed\'f4\'f1\'df\'f3\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'df\'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e2\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9
\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f6\'fd\'e3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'eb\'e5\'df\'f3\'e9
\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'f5\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'e5\'f5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'f6\'e9\'eb\'ef\'f3\'ef\'f6\'e9\'ea\'fc\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1
\'ef\'f4\'e9\'ec\'de\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'de\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'ec\'ef\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d6\'e1
\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e1\'ee\'df\'e4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'ef\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f1\'f5\'f6\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'e7\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'ed\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'d0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f4\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dc\'f1\'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f1\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'f7\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'fd\'f1\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'e4\'e9\'dc
\'e4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'ed\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'eb\'dd\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dc\'f1\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5
\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'eb\'dd\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'fc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'e8\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e1\'ed\'f4\'f5\'e1\'ec\'df\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c3\'e9\'ef\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f4
\'f3\'dc\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'f1\'e2\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'e2\'dc\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'eb\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e5\'df\'e3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'ea\'e9\'ed\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'ee\'df\'e4\'e9\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'de\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f5\'eb\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9
\'f7\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f1\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'ea\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb
\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ea\'e5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e2\'e4\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'de\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'ee\'e9\'e4\'e9
\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f1\'f5\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5
\'ed\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'ee
\'e9\'e4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'fc\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'f1\'ef
\'f3\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'fc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'ed\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'ed\'dc\'ea\'eb\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f7\'e9\'ef\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f1\'f5\'f6\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ec\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53  
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'f4\'df\'eb\'e7\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'ed\'ef\'fd
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'ea\'f1\'fc\'e8\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ea
\'f1\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f1\'f5\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f5\'f1\'dc\'e3\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'ee\'df
\'e4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'f4\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f1\'f5\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f6\'e5\'fd\'e3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4
\'fc\'f7\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'f0\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'ea\'f1\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'ee\'df\'e4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'fc\'f3\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'f5\'ea\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e5\'fd\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'f1\'ef\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'fc
\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'dd\'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'e9\'dc\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f7\'f9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f3\'f4\'e9\'e1\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f1\'f5\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
, \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ec\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7
\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'fe\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e7\'f3\'e9\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e5\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'ed\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ee\'e9\'e4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f1\'f5\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'e2\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'e4
\'df\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'ed\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e5\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e9\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f1\'f5\'f6\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'fd\'f7\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'e5\'f6\'dc\'eb\'e1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53  2
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5
\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'e7\'e3\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'f9\'f4\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e2\'eb\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb
\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 14 . \'bc\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'ef\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1
\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'ef\'f3\'ef\'f6\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f1
\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4
\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\'f0\'eb\'ef\'ea\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'ea\'f1\'f5\'f6\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df
\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f3
\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'eb\'dd\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'ef\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f6\'e1\'f1\'ec\'ef\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb
\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e1\'f6\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'ef\'ed
\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f3\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef
\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e3\'f1\'dc\'f6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ee\'ef\'f7\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'e2\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'e2\'eb\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'e1\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'ed\'e4\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f7\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ed\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\'fd\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'e9\'e8\'ec\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'df\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e7\'f1\'fd\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'fc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'ef\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\'ed\'dd\'e6\'e9\'ea\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f4
\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'de\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f7\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f3\'e5\'e2\'de\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'ea\'f1\'dc\'f4\'ef\'f1\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'e8\'f5\'ec\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e4\'e5\'f7\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'ed\'e4\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f6\'ef\'fd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'dc\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'ed\'e4\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'dc\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'dd\'f6\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e5\'fd\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'df\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'ea\'f1\'dc\'f4\'ef\'f1\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'fc\'eb\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'e1\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'dd\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f6\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ee\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f7\'dc\'f1\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'d0\'df\'f3\'f4\'e5\'f8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1
\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'ef\'f3\'ef\'f6\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e6\'de
\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'ef\'f6\'e5\'f1\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dc\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'eb\'e5\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'eb\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'e4\'dd\'f7\'f4\'e7\'ea\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dd\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'e2\'e1\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'ef
\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f7\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dc\'f3\'ea
\'e1\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e9\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'f0\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'ea\'f1\'dc\'f4\'ef\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ea\'e5\'df\'ed\'ef\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e8\'e5\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . "\'d0\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , "\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'ec\'e5\'eb\'e9\'fe\'e4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ;" \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'f1\'ef\'e3\'e3\'f5\'eb\'ef\'ea\'dc\'e8\'e7\'f3\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e5\'f5\'e8\'e5\'df\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'e4\'e9
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dc\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , "\'cd\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'e3\'ed\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'e4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'ec\'e5\'eb\'e9\'fe\'e4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'ea\'f1\'dc\'f4\'ef\'f1\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e1\'f6\'ed\'e9\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e1\'ed\'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . (\'bc\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e1\'ed\'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 !) \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'df\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , "\'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'ec\'e5\'eb\'e9\'fe\'e4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ;" "\'cd\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'e1\'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f6\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , "\'c1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cd\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'e3\'ed\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'e4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'ed\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5
\'ec\'e5\'eb\'e9\'fe\'e4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". "\'cc\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'e9\'e4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'ef\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'e1\'f1\'f4\'f5\'f1\'de\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'ea\'f1\'dc\'f4\'ef\'f1\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . "\'cc\'dc\'eb\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'e1\'eb\'e5\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'e5\'df\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dc\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , "\'dd\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'ea\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea
\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'e9\'e4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'ef\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ef\'e3\'e4\'fc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f6\'e1\'f1\'ec\'fc
\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 ".
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'df\'f7\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5
\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cd\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'dc\'e2\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea
\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'dc\'e2\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ec\'f0\'e9\'ed\'f4\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 ,\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'dc\'e2\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e1\'ed\'f4\'f5\'e1\'ec\'df
\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'dc\'e2\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c3\'e9\'ef\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f4\'f3\'dc\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb
\'dc\'e2\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'eb\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'dc\'e2\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'dc\'e2\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e1\'e3\'e3\'dd\'eb\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'dc
\'e2\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f6\'e1\'f1\'ec\'fc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'ea\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd
\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'fe\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc
\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e4\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'f6\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f0\'ef\'f3\'f4\'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'e1\'fd\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , "\'d4\'ef\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e3\'e1\'e8\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'f4\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ea
\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'f4\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 15 ". \'ce\'dd\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f0\'f1\'e5\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed
\'df\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd
\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0
\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'e2\'e5\'f1\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'ef\'ec\'e5\'f1\'de\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df
\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'df\'f1\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'e2\'eb\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e9\'ed\'dd\'e6\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'ea\'f1\'dc\'f4\'ef\'f1
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f0\'ef\'f3\'f4\'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'e1\'fd\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc
\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'f7\'ef\'eb\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1
\'df\'f3\'ea\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6
\'ef\'e2\'e5\'f1\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ee\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'ea\'e1\'f4\'f9\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'dc\'f8\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'dd\'ee\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'df\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f6\'e1\'f1\'ec\'fc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4
\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'eb\'e9\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'dd\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f3\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e9\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed
\'df\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f6\'e1\'f1\'ec\'fc\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'dd\'f1\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'f1\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f5\'f6\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f9\'eb\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'fc\'eb\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ea\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f3\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ee\'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'dd\'f6\'f4\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'f1\'e1\'ea\'fd\'eb\'e7\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e9\'eb\'e9\'fc\'ec\'e5\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 ; \'c3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'e2\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1
\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'e2\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dc\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f6\'e1\'f1\'ec\'ef\'e3\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'c3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'df\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 '\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'c3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'f5\'e3\'f7\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f4\'e1\'e3\'f9\'e4\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ee\'e1\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e1\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 ;
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'dc\'ed
\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f8\'dc\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'e8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'e9\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
. \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f7\'f5\'f1\'e9\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'ea\'dc
\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f5\'e1\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f6\'e7\'f1\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f7\'ed\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53  
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 -\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4
\'e5\'fd\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1
\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ,\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'e4\'e5\'f7\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'f5
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f1\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e2\'e1\'e8\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed
\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e7\'f1\'e5\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'fe\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'dd\'f1\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef
\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'e1\'f1\'f4\'fd\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4
\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8
\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . T\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f7\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f6\'e1\'f1\'ec\'fc\'f3\'ef\'f5
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'f3\'f6\'e1\'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'ef\'df\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e7\'f1\'e5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f6\'e1\'f1\'ec\'fc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5
\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 . \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'e2\'eb\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec
\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8
\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'ef\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5
\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e1\'e9\'f4\'dd\'f1\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'df\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f4
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc
\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f0\'ef\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0
\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb
\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'dc\'ec\'f5\'e1\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'f3\'e1\'ec\'ea\'dc\'eb\'f0\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e1
\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5
\'e3\'e5\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e3\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed
\'f3\'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dc\'ec\'f5\'e1\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'f3\'e1\'ec\'ea\'dc\'eb\'f0\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f3\'dc\'ec\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'f3
\'e1\'ed\'ea\'dc\'f0\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ). \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dc\'ec\'f5\'e1\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'f3\'e1\'ec\'ea\'dc\'eb\'f0\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f1\'e9\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f0\'ef\'f6\'e1\'f3\'e9\'f3
\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e5\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'dc\'ec\'f5\'e1\'ea
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'dd\'f1\'e1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'eb\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1
\'f9\'ec\'dd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0
\'ef\'e4\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'ea\'dc\'eb\'f0\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'fc\'e8\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'f3\'ea\'ef\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'dd\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'e1\'ec\'ea\'dc\'eb\'f0\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd
\'e3\'f7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ed\'e4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'eb\'fe\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e2\'ef\'fd\'eb\'e7
\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'d3\'dc\'ec\'f5\'e1\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'f3\'e1\'ec\'ea\'dc\'eb\'f0\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb
\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f0\'ef\'f6\'e1\'f3\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'ed\'f4\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'eb\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ea\'dd\'f1\'e1\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'ef\'eb\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e1\'f1\'ec\'fc\'ed\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9
\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ed\'de\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c5\'df\'e4\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf
\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0
\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'fc\'f1\'f6\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8
\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ed
\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'fc\'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f6\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9
\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd
\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'fc\'f1\'f6\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1
\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5
\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e9\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53   \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f3\'dc\'e6
\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e1\'df\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ee\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'e4\'df\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'ea\'e7\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ec\'e9\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'eb\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .- \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'ef
\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'e9\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'eb\'f5\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ea\'e5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 
\'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'e2\'eb\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3
\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'f3\'e7\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 
 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'ec\'e5\'f4\'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'e4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'a2\'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e5\'f1\'e3\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'f6\'e1\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'ec\'e5\'f4\'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'e4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'e9\'fe\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e8\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'dc\'e2\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'ec\'e5\'f4\'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb
\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'d0\'f1\'e9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'e1\'e8\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'ed\'f4\'de\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'b4\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de
\'e8\'e5\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f1\'df\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'e9\'e8\'e1\'ed\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e5\'ee\'e7\'e3\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'f9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9
\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  '\'e8\'e5\'eb
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ed\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f0\'dc\'e3\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'de\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'ef\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\'ea\'ef\'ec\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e1\'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'f9\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'e5\'f5\'e4\'ef\'e8
\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'e8\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e8\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'df\'e8\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'ef\'f1\'ef\'e5\'f3\'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'f5\'f1\'e9\'e1\'ea
\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'ef\'f1\'e3\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'e9\'e1\'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f1\'e3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e5\'e2\'e7\'eb\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'de\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e5\'f1\'ef\'fd
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'fe\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'de\'e8\'e9\'ea\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'ef\'f0\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ee\'e1\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e1\'ed\'dc\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'dc\'f6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'dc\'ec\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  Times \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'e3\'e3\'dd\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'dd\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'e9\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f4\'fe\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'e4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ed\'ef\'ec\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8
\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e2\'eb\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed
\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1
\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f3\'df\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'de\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'e5\'fd\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 . \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'a2\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'e4\'e5\'df\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0
\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e2\'fc\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'f1\'fd\'ec
\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'e5\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'dd\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f4\'e1\'f5\'f1\'ef\'f6
\'ef\'f1\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\'e1\'ec\'f6\'e9\'f3\'e2\'de\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e1\'ed\'e1\'ec\'e5\'ec\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dd\'f0\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'f4\'ef\'ed\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef
\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'e9\'eb\'ef\'ed\'df\'ea\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4
\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e4\'e5\'e4\'e5\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e5\'eb\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef
\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe
\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e5\'ee\'de\'e3\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f6\'e5\'fd\'e3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3
\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f1\'f1\'ef\'de\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f0\'ef\'df\'e8\'e7\'f3\'e7
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea
\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1
\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f1\'f1\'ef\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e9
\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ed\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f0\'ef\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ed\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f0\'ef\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd
\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ed\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f0\'ef\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd
\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ,\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\'f3\'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\'fa\'f3\'ea\'f1\'dc\'ec\'f5\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f0\'e1\'eb\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'ed\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'dc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ), \'e1\'e3\'e9\'e1\'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\'f3\'ea\'f1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .), \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e2\'e9\'f7\'df\'ec\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\'f3\'ea\'f1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .): "\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", "\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'f3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 ".

\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cd\'e1\'fa\'f3\'ea\'f1\'dc\'ec\'f5\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8
\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'e1\'f0\'dc\'f1\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f0\'ef
\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb
\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1
\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'e8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ed\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec
\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ea\'f1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'ed\'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2
\'e9\'fe\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'dd\'f3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\'fa\'f3\'ea\'f1\'dc\'ec\'f5\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f5\'f1
\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'de\'f2\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'ea\'e5\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'eb\'ef\'fd
\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e9\'e3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e6\'e7\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e9\'e3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'e1\'f3\'ec\'f9\'e4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'ea\'fc\'eb\'eb\'e7\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'eb\'e1\'f1\'fe\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f5\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e2\'e1\'f3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e2\'eb\'e1\'e2\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f0\'f1\'e5\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'dd\'e3\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'f4\'ef\'ed\'f4\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : "\'c1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f1\'f7\'e9\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'df\'f1\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'e2\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'fc\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0
\'e1\'f1\'ed\'de\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ;" \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'f4\'fd\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f1\'e1\'f3\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4
\'e9\'e1\'ed\'ef\'e7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'de\'f1\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'ea\'fc\'eb\'eb\'e7\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1
\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'eb\'e1\'f1\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1
\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4
\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ,\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ef\'fd\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e5\'f5\'e3\'e1\'eb\'dd\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'e5\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f4
\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'dd\'f7\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5
\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'de\'f3\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'e1\'e4\'e7\'ec\'e1\'fa\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'ef\'eb\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'e1\'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\'f1\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7
\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'df\'f9\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9
\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ed\'de\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'f6\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'de\'f4
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'f0\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ee\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'de\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ed\'e7\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9
\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'e9\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e9\'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e9\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1
\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e5\'e9\'e1\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'eb\'e5\'e3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'dc\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'eb\'fd\'e2\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'dc\'f8\'ef\'f5\'ec
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f7\'f1\'e5\'e9\'e1\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'de\'e3\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f0\'e1\'e9\'f1\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'f6\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f9\'f1\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cc\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f6\'df\'ee\'e9\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ec\'dc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f6\'e1\'f3\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ed\'e7\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'d4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e1\'f0\'dc\'f1\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'e9\'f4\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ed\'e7\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'eb\'e9\'f7\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'de\'eb\'e9\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'e5\'df\'f8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'e1\'e9\'e4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'e9\'f7\'ed\'df\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8
\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1
\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9
\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f1\'e9\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'e5\'e3\'e3\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f1\'e9\'ec\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'e5\'df\'f8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'e9\'f7\'ed\'df\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3
\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f3\'ea\'dd\'e4\'e1\'f3\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f4\'e5\'df\'ed\'f9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'df\'e1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'dc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ea\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'e1\'e4\'e9\'fc\'f6\'f9\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fd\'f1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dd\'e2\'e7\'ea\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fd\'f1\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'a2\'e9\'f6\'e5\'eb\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'e9\'ee\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'eb\'e5\'fc\'f1\'e1\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . (\'c4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'e1\'f1\'f4\'f5\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e3\'f1\'e1\'ec\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'e4\'e5\'e9\'ee\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'eb\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f8\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'ea\'fc\'eb\'eb\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f5\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 !) \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e4\'fe\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef
\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'ea\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'e3\'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'e9\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'e8\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'ea\'fc\'eb\'eb\'e7\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'eb\'e1\'f1\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'e8\'f5\'ec\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f4\'f5\'f7\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ed\'e7
\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'dc\'ee\'e9\loch\f53 !
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'e2\'f5\'e1\'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'f3\'ef\'f2
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'e2\'f5\'e1\'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'e8\'e5\'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f5\'e1\'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'eb\'e5\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1
\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ea\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e5\'f0\'dd\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ec\'df\'f3\'ef\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'f3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f0\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ec\'e5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f7\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'f3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e3\'f9\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'fd\'e2\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e5\'ea\'f0\'eb\'de\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'ef\'f6\'dc\'ed\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e4\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' 
\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'e9\'e4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f6\'ef\'e4\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'ed\'e5\'f5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'eb\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f6\'f9\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'de\'eb\'e9\'ea\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'ed\'f4
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'e4\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'e1\'ed\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df
\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'ea\'dc\'e8\'e1\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\'f0\'eb\'ef
\'ea\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'f8\'dc\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e1\'e8\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e3\'ed\'fe\'f1\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd
\'f0\'e1\'e9\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'f5\'f6\'e5\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ed\'e9\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e9\'e4\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e5\'f0\'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'e7\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e3\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e5\'fd\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'ec\'e9
\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ea\'f1\'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'f0\'ef\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'ea\'f1\'df\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ed\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e4\'e7\'eb\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f5\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'eb\'dc\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'ea\'fc\'eb\'eb\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e1\'e8\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\'e9\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'f3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e8\'e1\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e3\'ef\'de\'f4\'e5\'f5\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'e4\'e9\'e1\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'e1\'f4\'f4\'f9\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'f4\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : "\'c1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f1\'f7\'e9\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'df
\'f1\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'e2\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f6\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'f1\'e1\'f4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'fd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ;". \'c1
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9
\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fd\'ea\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e1\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'ea\'f1\'ef\'f4\'f3\'e1\'ea\'f9\'ec\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'ea\'f1
\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f1\'e5\'ee\'e7\'e3\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e8\'dd\'f4\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'fd\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd
\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'fd\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'e2\'e9\'f7\'df\'ec\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d7\'df\'ec\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'f7\'df\'ec\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'e8\'e5\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0
\'ef\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e2\'e9\'f7\'df\'ec\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f3\'f4\'e5\'f1\'fc\'e2\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e2\'ef\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f3\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'f7\'df\'ec\'f3\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\'f3\'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea
\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5
\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f3\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ed\'e4\'e5\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'f3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'e1\'ed\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb\'fe\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e5\'e9\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'f3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'ed\'ef\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e2
\'ef\'eb\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f7\'e1\'f1\'df\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'ef\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'cc\'e1\'f7\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'df\'e6\'ef\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'e1\'f1\'f4\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f5\'f7\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'e9\'e4\'e9\'ea\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'f0\'f4\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'e9\'e4\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7
\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f6\'e5\'df\'eb\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'e3\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3
\'ea\'e5\'f8\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'e9\'e4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'dc\'e2\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e1\'ed\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc
\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'e9\'e4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'f4
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53   \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ef\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f0\'e1\'e9\'e4\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e4\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'f5\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'ed\'f4\'e1\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'ed\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 , \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dc\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e2\'dc\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dc\'f7\'f4\'f5\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'f6\'e9\'f4\'f3\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'e9\'e4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'dc\'e2\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'fe\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'eb\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'eb\'fe\'f4\'f3
\'e7\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'eb\'e9\'dd\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f1\'eb\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1
\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'ed\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'ee\'dd\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'b8\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'dc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'ef\'eb\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'e2\'eb\'e7\'ec\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'de\'e3\'e1\'e9\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'e7\'f4\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'e5\'e7\'ec\'ef\'f3\'fd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e2\'f1\'de\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'ec\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'fc\'f1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f3\'e1\'ed\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f1\'dc\'ea\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f3\'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'e4\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f7\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e5\'e4\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'fc\'f1\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'ec\'dc\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 : "\'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f4\'f5\'f0\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'ed\'dd\'f3\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ;" "\'cd\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", 
\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd\'f7\'e9\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , "\'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f1\'dc\'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f7\'f4\'f5\'f0\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'ed\'dd\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e4\'f5\'f3\'dc\'f1\'e5\'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'ee\'e5\'ed\'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'dc\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ;". \'b8\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'e9\'e4\'e9\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'dc\'e2\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'de
\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ec\'e9\'ea\'f1\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'eb\'e9\'ea\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0
\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ec\'e5\'f4\'f9\'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'ea\'e1\'df\'f1\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e5\'e9\'f1\'ef\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e5\'fd\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'ec\'e7\'e4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4
\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'de\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f1\'e9\'ea\'e1\'eb
\'e5\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'fc\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f1\'e8\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 16 \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'d4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 " \'e1\'f0\'e5\'e9\'ea\'ef\'ed\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'ef\'ec\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc
\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'df\'f7\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'e1\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'ef
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'dd\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e6\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'df\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f3\'e1\'ed\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'fd\'eb\'ef\'b7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ed\'de\'eb\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'dd\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'ef\'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'fe\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'ef\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f7\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\'ed\'dc\'f4\'ef\'f5\'b7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'dc\'ed\'e5\'f4
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f6\'fe\'f1\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f0\'f1\'dc\'f4\'f4\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fc\'ed\'ef\'b7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd
\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'e1\'f1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f5\'f6\'dc\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f6\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'e5\'ec\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e5\'ec\'e1\'f7\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e4
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e5\'e9\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  '\'f0\'f1\'e5\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f8\'e7
\'f6\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'e4\'df\'f9
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'e9\'e4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f3\'e1\'ed\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'fe\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  '\'f0\'f1\'e5\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'f4\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3
\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f0\'e1\'e9\'e4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f6\'fd\'e3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'ec\'e5\'e3\'e1\'eb\'fe\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e7\'e3\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'e2\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f6\'fd\'e3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'dd\'ed\'e5\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c9\'e4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : "\'c1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f1\'f7\'e9\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f3\'f7\'ef\'eb\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f6\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e9\'e3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ;". \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f7\'ed\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f9\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df
\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'dd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'dc\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dd\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f1\'ea\'e1
\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'eb\'e7
\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e2\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5
\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'ec\'e5\'f4\'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e7\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'ef\'f1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 
\'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ec\'f0\'e9\'ed\'f4\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'dc\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e7\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'ef\'f1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'f5\'f1\'e9\'e1\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'eb\'dc\'e2\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'fe\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'e2\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'f1\'e1\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'f0\'f4\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'de\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'f7\'ef\'eb\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'ef\'f1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f3\'f4\'f5\'f7\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e1\'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fd
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'e9\'fe\'ec\'e1\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 
\'bc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 -\'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3
\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9
\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e7\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'ef\'f1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'ea\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'eb
\'fc\'e3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f6\'f9\'f1\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e5\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1
\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'dd\'f1\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'ef\'f1\'f4\'ef\'f6\'e1\'e3\'df\'e1
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'e9\'fe\'e8\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'df\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'dc\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'dc\'f1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'dd\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5
\'ed\'e5\'f1\'e3\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'f1\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f3\'ea\'e5\'ec\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'eb\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'ef\'f1\'f4\'ef\'f6\'dc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'eb\'e9\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ed\'de\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef
\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'f5\'f0\'ed\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e1
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'ec\'f6\'e9\'f3\'e2\'de\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\'ed\'e7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5
\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e5\'fd\'e8\'f5\'ed\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f7\'f9\'f1\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'ef
\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'ef\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec
\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fe\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e1\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'e8\'fc\'f1\'ec\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f0\'ef\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5
\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f0\'ef\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5
\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'e9\'f1
\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'e7\'eb\'dd\'ed\'e4\'e5\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'e3\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5
\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f0\'ef\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'e1\'f0\'dc\'f1
\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea
\'eb\'e7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\'f3\'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'dc\'e9\'f4\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'ec\'dd\'f4\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ), \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'f0\'df\'f3
\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'dc\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\'ed\'f4\'df\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9
\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'f5\'f0\'dd\'ea\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'ef\'f5\'f0\'dd\'ea\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7
\'f1\'e5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f1\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f3\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'df\'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'dc\'e9\'f4\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'ec\'ef\'f5\'ed\'f4\'df\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f0\'dd\'ea\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'eb\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed
\'f9\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'f1\'dc\'f7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'f7\'dc\'f1\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f5\'f8\'e7\'eb\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 ".
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cd\'f4\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'dc
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9
\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'e5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f9\'f1\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 .\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'f4\'dc\'ed
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e4\'e9\'dc\'e8\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'e9\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed
\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'e9\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f5\'f7\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e4\'de\'eb\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53  \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 -\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e4\'e5\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f5\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'ea\'fc\'eb\'eb\'e7\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'e1\'f4\'f4\'f9\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'ef\'eb\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f4\'e5\'ed\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5
\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'ef\'f1\'f6\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'f1\'e9\'e8\'ec\'e7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e1\'e8\'fe\'ed\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'e9\'f1\'e1\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ,\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f6\'e1\'e3\'e7\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f1\'ef\'f5\'f7\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'eb
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'ea\'e7\'f3\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'e3\'e7\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'e7\'f4\'e9
\'dc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'ea\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'ef\'f3
\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e6\'dc\'ed\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f3\'dc\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe
\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'e9\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df
\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'fe\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f0\'e1\'df\'e4\'e5\'f5\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5
\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\'ef\'fd\'f4
\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'fe\'f1\'e5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'fe\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'e9\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f0\'f1\'e5\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef
\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f6\'e5\'eb\'e7\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\'e9\'e6
\'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'ed\'e4\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e1\'f7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ed\'e4\'ef\'f5\'e9\'f3\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e5\'f1\'dd\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'fe\'eb\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'fe\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'f1\'e1\'f4\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'e3\'ed
\'ef\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e6\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'fe\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f3\'ec\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'fe\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f0\'f1\'e5\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'fe\'eb\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ec\'e9\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dc\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dd\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'e5\'fd\'e8\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'a2\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dc\'f1\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'e3\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'e5\'f1\'e3\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e4\'fe\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'c4\'e5\'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3
\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dc\'f1\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'dc\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f5\'e1\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'ea\'e5\'f4\'dc\'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f4\'f5\'eb\'e9\'e3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f1\'e4\'e5\'eb\'df\'f4\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'e9\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f0\'e5\'f0\'ef\'df\'e8\'e7\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0
\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'ed\'e5\'fd\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'e2\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'f6\'dc\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef
\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea
\'e1\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e7\'f3\'f5\'f7\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'ef
\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'a2\'eb\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef
\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
. \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dc\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dc\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'f4\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec
\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ec\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f5\'f3\'e9\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3
\'e5\'ed\'ed\'e1\'e9\'ef\'e4\'f9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'e5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ee\'e5\'f0\'e5\'f1\'ed\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e3\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'f4\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4
\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'fe\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'e5\'e9\'f1\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'e9\'f1\'e2\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 .
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'fe\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f0\'e5\'f1\'ed\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9
\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'ec\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f4\'e5\'ed\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'ea\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'fd\'ec
\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f0\'e5\'f1\'ed\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'ef\'f4
\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3
\'ea\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\'fc
\loch\f53 , \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dd\'f1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f0\'e1\'df\'f1\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'f5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e5\'f1\'e9\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f3\'ea\'dd\'f0\'f4\'e5\'f3\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'df\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e3\'f1\'e1\'ec\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'dd\'f1\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'f1\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e1\'eb\'e9\'ec\'f0\'fc\'ed\'e3\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e1\'f3\'f4\'f1\'e5\'f6\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ea\'e5\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'e9\'e2\'e5\'f4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f0\'df\'f3\'f4\'f9\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e8\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f4\'f5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e2
\'e5\'e2\'eb\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'df\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'eb\'ec\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'ef\'e7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'e1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'fe\'f6\'eb
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f5\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'e9\'f3\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f3\'f7\'dc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'fd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f0\'ef\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'fe\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\'e1\'ec\'f6\'e9\'f3\'e2\'de\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'f4\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e8\'e9\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f7\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'e4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f1\'f1\'ef\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 
\'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'e9\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'f4\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'eb\'e9\'e3\'dc\'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6
\'f4\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cc\'dc\'e9\'f4\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'f3\'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'dc\'e9\'f4\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e4\'dd\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f4\'f5\'ec\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'f4\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'df\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'e9\'f4\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e9\'fe\'e8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e1\'f0\'e7\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\'ea\'e5\'df\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'df\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e5
\'ea\'f4\'e5\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'eb\'dc
\'e2\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e3\'eb\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f6\'df
\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f6\'e9\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb
\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb
\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'c1\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'e9\'f4\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'f4\'ef
\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5
\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e8\'e1\'f1\'f1\'fd\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'e5\'f1\'e3\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8
\'de\'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'df
\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'e4\'e9\'e1\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'eb\'dc\'e2\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'e8\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'ef\'f8\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "Sabbe satta sukhi hontu" (\'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'c5\'df\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f4\'f5\'f7\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 !" \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1
\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'e2\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'ea\'dc\'f1\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'dd
\'f6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'ea\'dc\'f1\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'dd\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e8\'dd\'f4\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'e9\'f4\'f1
\'e9\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'f0\'f4\'f5\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'e9\'f4\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'de\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fd\'f7\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc
\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'fd\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e9\'fe\'e8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e9\'fe\'e8
\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'e9\'fe\'e8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e5\'e9\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e9
\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'ea\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'dd\'f1
\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'e9\'f4\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\'e9\'f4\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'ec\'f0\'dc\'e2\'e1\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f0
\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'ec\'dd\'f4\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'dc\'e2\'e1\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ). \'c1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'f4\'fd\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ec\'e5\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'fd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e2\'f1\'e1\'e2\'e5\'fd\'f3\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'e1\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c5\'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'fc
\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e4\'dd\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e5\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e5\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ec\'dd\'f4\'f9\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f3\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e1\'f0\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e1\'f0\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'f9\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'f4\'ef\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'fd
\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\'eb
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e5\'ee\'ef\'f7\'de\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'f0\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'dc\'f4\'f4\'e2\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d9\'f3\'f4
\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'f0\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'dc\'f4\'f4\'e2\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f3\'e1\'f1\'ea\'fe\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'f0\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'e2\'e1\'eb\'ef\'ea\'e9\'f4\'e5\'f3\'e2\'dc\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , "
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'fd\'f1\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'f4\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec
\'f0\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 )", \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'ec\'e5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'f0\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'dc\'f4\'f4\'e2\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e5\'ed\'f3\'dc\'f1\'ea\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'dd\'f4\'f5\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e5\'e9\'ea\'ef\'ed\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'e2\'e1\'eb\'ef\'ea\'e9\'f4\'e5\'f3\'e2\'dc\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f6\'dc\'eb\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'df\'eb\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dd\'f1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'e5\'f1\'e3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
, \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f6\'dc
\'eb\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'ef\'eb\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'fc
\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'e5\'ed\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e5\'f5\'e8\'fd\'ed\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'df\'eb\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dd\'f1\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'ef\'eb\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'dd\'f1\'ec\'ef\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'ef\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'e1\'f3
\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3
\'f4\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'dd\'ed\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea
\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed
\'de\'ea\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ec\'f5\'e8\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f3\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f8\'f5\'f7\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'eb\'dd\'e3\'e5
\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'e2\'e1\'eb\'ef\'ea\'e9\'f4\'e5\'f3\'e2\'dc\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'eb\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'e6\'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'f3\'e1\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'e2\'e9\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'df\'f4\'e1\'ee\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'ee\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 : \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'e8\'e1\'e9\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'f9\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f9
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e9\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\'f5\'e1\'e3\'df\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0
\'dd\'f6\'e5\'f1\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'ed\'e8\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fe\'eb
\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f1\'fe\'f3\'f4\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'f8\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'e4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e3\'e5\'ed\'ed\'de\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'fc\'f1\'e7\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'e2\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f6\'dc\'eb\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'ec\'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e3\'e9\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f6\'dc\'eb\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'df\'eb\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dd\'f1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'e1\'ed\'df\'f3\'f4\'e7\'ea
\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'e7\'e8\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dd\'f6\'e5\'f1\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'dd\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'e2\'e1\'eb\'ef\'ea\'e9\'f4\'e5\'f3\'e2\'dc\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f6\'dc\'eb\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'df\'eb\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dd\'f1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53  
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'df\'f7\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'dc\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'ef\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'e4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'f3\'e1\'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f3\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'a2\'eb\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'f0\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'dc\'f4\'f4\'e2
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f3\'e1\'f1\'ea\'fe\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e7\'eb\'f5\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dc\'f1
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  "\'eb\'f5\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'d5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e3\'f1\'dc\'f6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'ed\'de
\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dc\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dc\'ea\'f1\'f5\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'e2\'e1\'eb\'ef\'ea\'e9\'f4\'e5\'f3\'e2\'dc\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'f3\'e1\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ea\'ef\'f5\'f7\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3
\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fd\'e8\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f1\'e9\'ef\'fd\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'ef\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'eb\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'f0\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'ec\'e7\'ed\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e9\'dd\'f0\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'e7
\'e8\'e9\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'ef\'eb\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'e5\'f4\'f5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f3\'dc\'f1\'ea\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5
\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f7\'ef\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'cc\'e1\'f7\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "
\'cc\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'e4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'ed\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ef\'fd\'f4\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e1\'f7\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4
\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'df\'e6\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'f0\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'dc\'f4\'f4\'e2\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'ef\'e4\'ef
\'ee\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e5\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f7\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f7\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f3\'f9\'ec\'e1\'f4\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5
\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e1\'f1\'ea\'e5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e5\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'e7\'eb\'ef\'e5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'fe\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'e3\'f9
\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e1\'ed\'f4\'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'df\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c3\'e9\'ef\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f4\'f3\'dc\'f1\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ec\'f0\'e9\'ed\'f4\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'ef\'fd\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'dc\'f4\'f4\'e2\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'ef\'e9\'ea\'e5\'e9\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'e4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ec\'dc\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ea\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'f3\'e1\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'e2\'e9\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'e5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'e5\'fd\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cc\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e9\'ed\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'df
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'e1\'f0\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'df\'f7\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'dc\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e1\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'e1\'f1\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f6\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'fc\'e4\'e5\'f8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f7\'f1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ea\'dc\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'eb\'e5\'ed\'f4\'ef\'ea\'ef
\'f0\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f6\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e7\'e4\'e9
\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'e1\'ed\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f6\'dc\'f3\'e9\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c6\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f3\'f4\'de\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f7\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f4
\'e1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'f0\'df\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'e8\'e5\'eb\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f7\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ec\'e5\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'de\'e3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f3\'f4\'de\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'e8\'dd\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'e5\'e9\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ef\'ed\'e1
\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ee\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e9\'fc\'ed\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e8\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f4\'f5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e4\'ef\'ee\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f7\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'e5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e3\'ef\'fd
\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'f1\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e5\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f6\'fe\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'a2\'ea\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'e5\'f7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ,\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'e1\'f1\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f9\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e8\'e5\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fe\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : "\'d7
\'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ... \'e5\'df\'f3\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'f4\'e9\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ;". \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'e1\'f1\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'eb\'eb\'ef\'e3\'df\'f3\'f4\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'f1\'df\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , "\'cd\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dc\'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'d4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fe\'ed\'e1\'ee\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'ea\'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'de\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'dd\'f3\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f7\'fc\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f7\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f6\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b9\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3
\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f3\'f4\'de\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , "\'d6\'dd\'f1\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f6\'e5\'f1\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'e8\'e5\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'f0\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'fc\'f4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e5\'f5\'e8\'fd\'ed\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'dd\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1
\'f7\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'e1\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , "\'d4\'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'df\'ee\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e9\'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'e1\'f1\'f4\'df\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dc\'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f8\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f6\'dc\'eb\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 !". \'d4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'df\'f4\'e1\'ee\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'eb\'e1\'e2\'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'e1\'f1\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea
\'e1\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'df\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ea\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'df\'f7\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'e1\'f1\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'df\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f0\'dd\'e4\'f9\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 
\'cc\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'e1\'f1\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f1\'f7\'e9\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb
\'ef\'fd\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f6\'dc\'f3\'e9\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e4\'f9\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'e9\'f7\'ed\'df\'e4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f6\'e5\'f1\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'e5\'e8\'e5
\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'f5\'f7\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e5\'e9\'eb\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\'ed\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f7\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'f3\'e1\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f6\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , "\'c1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f7\'ed\'df\'e4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'f7\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 !". \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'e2\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e5\'df\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'df\'e3\'ef\'f5\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e9\'ea\'de
\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'de\'ea\'f9\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f6\'dc\'eb\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'f3\'e5\'ee\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'f3\'f9\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f7\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f0\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef
\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f3\'f4\'de\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'df\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ea\'ef\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'df\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e9\'dc\'ed\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f1\'dc\'ed
\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'f7\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'e1\'f0\'dc\'f1\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e9\'f4\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'f7\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'ea\'e7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb
\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'f3\'f9\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f6\'e1
\'e3\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'ea\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'e1\'f1\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e1\'f6\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f6\'f4\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , "\'d5\'f0\'de\'f1\'ee\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ec\'ef\'f6\'dc\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ! \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'de\'e8\'e7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f7\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e6\'e7\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'e8\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f0\'de\'f1\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'ed\'e9\'f9\'f3\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'e2\'e5\'f1\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fd\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'dd\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f7\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'e1\'f1\'f4\'fd\'f1\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd\'f7\'e9\'e6\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f4\'e1\'e3\'dd\'f2
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  '
\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e1\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f0\'f1\'e5\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'e8\'dc
\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'e2\'e5\'f1\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e7\'ec\'ec\'fd\'f1\'e9\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'e4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f6\'f4\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , "\'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'f1\'dd\'f8\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f4\'e7\'e4\'e5
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'df\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f7\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'e1\'f1\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f4\'e7\'e4\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'df\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'e1\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e1\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'dc\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'e9\'f7\'ed\'e9\'e4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ee\'e1\'f6\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dc\'eb\'e1\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e1\'ea\'e9\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : "\'ca\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dd\'f1\'e4\'e9\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e1\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'cc\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e5\'f5\'e8\'fd\'ed\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'e1\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'eb\'dd\'e3\'ef\'ed\'f4\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 :\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 "\'b8\'ec\'e1\'e8\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'de\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5
\'ec\'f0\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'e1\'e8\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'e1\'f5
\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ea\'e5\'df\loch\f53 !".
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'bc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ef\'fd\'f4\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e1\'f7\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'e4\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df
\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'df\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'ed
\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'e1\'f1\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'f9
\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'e1\'f1\'f4\'f9\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e9\'fe\'e8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'de\'ec\'e1\'e9\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'de\'f1\'f7\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'f0\'df\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b9\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'f1\'fc\'e8\'f5\'ec\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f5\'f3\'e9\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dc\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f7\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'f5\'e2\'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'e4\'e9\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'e9\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'ee\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\'e5\'e1\'f1\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f6\'e5\'f1\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ea\'f1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f6\'f4\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : "\'c5\'e4\'fe\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'ea\'ef\'eb\'e1\'f0\'f4\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'f0\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'dc\'f4\'f4\'e2\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f0\'f1\'e1\'ee\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'fc\'e3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cc\'ef\'f5\'ed\'f4\'df\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ed\'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7
\'e1\'f1\'dc
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cc\'ef\'f5\'ed\'f4\'df\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ed\'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7
\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e9\'fe\'e8\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f4\'f5\'f7\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1
\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e9\'fe\'e8\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f4\'f5\'f7\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f3\'f4\'f5\'f7\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e1\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f0\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'e9\'fe\'e8\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'f5\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3
\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'df\'eb\'f9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'f5\'f3\'f4\'f5\'f7\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f7\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'f1\'e1\'e2\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f5\'f7\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'dd
\'ee\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'e4\'f1\'e1\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'dd\'ee\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f3
\'ea\'df\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e2\'e1\'eb\'eb\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'e4\'f1\'e1\'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'e4\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'f5\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e5
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f6\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'e9\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7
\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e5\'ee\'ef\'f7\'de\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9
\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f3\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f4\'f5\'f7\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'e1\'eb\'e5\'df\'f3\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5
\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5
\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'e5\'f1\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'ef\'f6\'e5\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'e3\'e3\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e5\'eb\'e8\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f5\'f0\'de\'f1\'f7\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f4\'e1\'f5\'f4\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'ef\'f6\'e5
\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'fc\'ec\'e9\'e6\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'e2\'e1\'f1\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f1\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e7\'f6\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'de\'f3\'ea\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e3\'e5\'ec\'dc\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'e9\'e4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'f5\'f1\'e9\'e1\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'ea\'dc\'e8\'e1\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc
\'e8\'e5\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f3\'e5\'e2\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dd\'e2\'e7\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'e3\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e2\'ef\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f0\'e1
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'eb\'e9\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ea\'f9\'f4\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5
\'f0\'de\'f1\'f7\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'de\'ed\'f5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'f5\'f1\'e9\'e1\'ea\'de\loch\f53 !
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c4\'f5\'f3\'f4\'f5\'f7\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e7\'f1\'e5\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e9\'e4\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e5\'eb\'e8\'fc\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c8\'f5\'ec\'dc\'ec\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dd\'e8\'e7\'ea
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ef\'f1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'dd\'f3\'e1\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb
\'ef\'ed\'e4\'df\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'f7\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'ea\'e1\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'e8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e7\'e4\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'f0\'e9\'e8\'e1
\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ef\'ed\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fe\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ! \'bc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f1\'ea\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'e9\'eb\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'e1\'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'dc\'ed\'e7\'ea\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e1\'f6\'ed\'e9\'dc\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f0\'ef\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'dc\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'ec\'ef\'e3\'e5\'eb\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'eb\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'ea\'dc\'e8\'e1\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e7\'e8\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc
\'f1\'ea\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'e9\'eb\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f6\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , "\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'e5\'f1\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ! 
\'c3\'e9\'fc\'f1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'dd\'f3\'e1\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea
\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e5\'fb\'eb\'dc\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e9\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f0\'ef\'fd\'f1\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e1\'eb\'e9\'ec\'f0\'fc\'ed\'e3\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f7\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'ec\'e2\'dc\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'c8\'e9\'e2\'e5\'f4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'d3\'e9\'ea\'e9\'ec\'e1\'df\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'d3\'f1\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ed\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f1\'ec\'dd\'e6\'ef\'f5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ca\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'dd\'e6\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'c3\'e9\'e1\'f0\'f9\'ed\'dd\'e6\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'e1\'fb\'eb\'e1
\'ed\'e4\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'df\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e8\'eb\'e9\'ec\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'df\'f1\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f6\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 !" \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd
\'e2\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  1965, \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'df\'e3\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\'ee\'e1
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'df\'e6\'ef
\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ef\'f1\'f4\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'dd\'f3\'e1\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4
\'e1\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'ec\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f1\'f4\'f5\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e1\'eb\'eb\'df\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9
\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'df\'ed\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ed\'ef\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'de\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'f7\'e1\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'e7\'f1
\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\'f5\'f0\'dd\'ea\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ee\'df\'e1
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\'f5\'f0\'dd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'f1\'e5\'ec\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\'f3\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'ea\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'f3\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ed
\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'ef\'f1\'fd\'e2\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ef\'f7\'eb\'de\'f3
\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , "\'e1\'f6\'de\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e7\'f3\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'d4\'ef\'f5\'ed\'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'f3\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'ed\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e9\'e3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e8\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'ec\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4
\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'f5\'f0\'dd\'ea\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f7\'f9\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'e8\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e6\'f9\'e7\'f1\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'ed\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'e4\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'ef\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ,\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'ec\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\'f3\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'f1\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'df\'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f3
\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f1\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'df\'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'df\'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'df\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5
\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1
\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'e4\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e9\'e4\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'e1\'f1\'df\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'fc\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'df\'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e5\'f5\'e8\'fd\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'ef
\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e9\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'e5\'f4\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f9\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec
\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dc\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\'b7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'f4\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'df\'f7\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'fc\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\'b7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'dc\'ed\'e3\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'e1\'e4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'fc\'ec\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'ef\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e9\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'e5\'f4\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ec\'e2\'ef\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'e2\'ef\'eb\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'f4\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'dc\'ed\'e3\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'dd\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'fe\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\'eb\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'df\'e4
\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'e2\'e1\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ec\'e2\'ef\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'f7\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5
\'ec\'e2\'ef\'eb\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f0\'f4\'dc\'f0\'f4\'f5\'f7\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'ef\'fd\'f4\'e6\'e1
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c5\'df\'e4\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'ea\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'e9\'f4\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'df\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e3\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f0
\'f4\'dc\'f0\'f4\'f5\'f7\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'ef\'fd\'f4\'e6\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f6\'e1\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'e9\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'f4\'f1\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e8\'dd\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'ef\'e4\'e5\'fd\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53  
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'df\'f4\'e7\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb
\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f0\'f4
\'dc\'f0\'f4\'f5\'f7\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'ef\'fd\'f4\'e6\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\'f4\'e6\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'f4\'f1\'e5
\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\'f3\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\'f4
\'e6\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef
\'f5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f6\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f1\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e7\'eb\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'ec\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'c5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e3\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e7\'e8
\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f0\'fc\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'fd\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'e4\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'eb\'ef\'f5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\'ec\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f6\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dc\'f1\'f9\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f6\'e1\'e3\'e7\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'e3\'e4\'ef\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\'f3
\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'e1\'f1\'e5\'ec\'f0\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'fc\'ed\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'e1\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ed\'e4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'f0\'df\'f4\'e9\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'eb\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'de\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9
\'ed\'e4\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'f0\'df\'f4\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'eb\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'e5\'f1\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f4\'de\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e4\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'ed\'e4\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'dd\'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'e8\'e1\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'f8\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'fd\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'e4\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e4\'e5\'f3\'f0\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'fd\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e9\'e4\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f7\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'fc\'ec\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'c9\'ed\'e4\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ec\'dc\'f4\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'ef\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
. \'cc\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'f1\'eb\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'f5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e4\'e5\'f3\'f0\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'f8\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'ec\'e9\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'df\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f7\'dc\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'ec\'fc\'f3\'f6\'e1\'e9\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'f1\'e1\'f4\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fd\'e3\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f5\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f0\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e1\'e4\'e9\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'f8\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'f4\'de\'eb\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f1\'f9\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fe\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f6\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f6\'e1\'e3\'e7\'f4\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'e3\'e7\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'e4\'dd\'f7\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f4\'e9\'ec
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'eb\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'ed\'e4\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ea\'f4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'e3\'e9\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ea\'f4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'e4\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'e5\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'ef\'eb\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dd\'ec\'e2\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d5\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e2\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e5\'f1
\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f4\'e9\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'eb\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ea\'f4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f3\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'e4\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'eb\'ef\'f5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f6\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dc\'f1\'f9\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6
\'e1\'e3\'e7\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e8\'e5\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f0\'fc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e5\'f1\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'e9\'e2\'e5\'f4\'e9\'e1
\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f7\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5
\'f0\'f4\'dc\'f0\'f4\'f5\'f7\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'ef\'fd\'f4\'e6\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'ea\'fd\'ed\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'e9\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'df\'e4\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fc\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'ec\'de\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fe\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f0\'ef\'f8\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ea\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'dc\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'e2\'e1\'f3\'ec
\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'f4\'f1\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'dc\'ed\'e5\'f3\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'f4\'ef\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3
\'e1\'f0\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dc\'f1\'e5\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1
\'e1\'f4\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ee\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f3\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ed\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fe\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'f4\'f1\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1
\'e1\'f4\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'e8\'fc\'f1
\'ec\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fe\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'ed\'f4\'dc\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'ea\'f5\'ed\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ec\'df\'e3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dd\'f1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'e5\'f5\'f7\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'dd\'eb\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f0\'f4\'dc\'f0
\'f4\'f5\'f7\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'ef\'fd\'f4\'e6\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'dd\'f7\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'de\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ec\'df\'e3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f7\'dd\'f1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'f1\'ef\'e4\'dc\'f7\'f4\'f5\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'f6\'f4\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e7\'ed\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc
\'f4\'f9\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'ea\'f5\'ed\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e8\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'f0\'e5\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7
\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'de\'ed\'e5
\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f0\'f4
\'dc\'f0\'f4\'f5\'f7\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'ef\'fd\'f4\'e6\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'e7\'e3\'e1\'df\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0
\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'f4\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'dc\'ed\'e3\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dd\'f3\'ec\'e5\'f5
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec
\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'f4\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'dc\'ed\'e3\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f4\'fc\'ec\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'e1\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ec\'f0\'de
\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\'f4\'e9
\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'e9\'e6\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'e1\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\'eb\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'de\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e5\'fd\'e8\'f5\'ed\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f4
\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'df\'f1\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'f0\'e1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'dc\'e2\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'df\'f7\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'df\'eb\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fe\'f0\'e9\'ef\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f7\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e5\'f3\'e2\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'fa\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5
\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'e7\'e3\'e1\'df\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f0\'f4\'dc\'f0\'f4\'f5\'f7\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'ef\'fd\'f4\'e6\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'ef\'ec\'ef\'eb\'fc\'e3\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'e1\'e8\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'ef\'ec\'ef\'eb\'fc\'e3\'e7\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'e2\'e5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 ,\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1
\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'f9\'e8\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ef\'f7\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f7\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'e7\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'eb\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f3\'e5\'e2\'e1\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'f4\'fd\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'e9\'f4\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3
\'dc\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef
\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f7\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e9\'fe\'e8\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0
\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ee\'ef\'ec\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'dc\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e8\'e9\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'e3\'e3\'dd\'eb\'eb\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'fd\'f4\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'df\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f4\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f7\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'eb\'e5\'f5\'e8\'e5\'f1\'f9\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ef\'f7\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53  
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'de\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e5\'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee
\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f3\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e5\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f5\'f0\'ef\'ea\'e5\'e9\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb
\'e5\'f5\'e8\'e5\'f1\'f9\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fd\'f8\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'ed\'ef\'f7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'de\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1
\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e7\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'e2\'e9\'e2
\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'ec\'f0\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f0
\'f4\'dc\'f0\'f4\'f5\'f7\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'ef\'fd\'f4\'e6\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'e3\'e1\'eb\'eb\'df\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'c1\'f1\'e5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'eb\'e7\'f1\'fe\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'f1\'ef\'e7\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dc\'e8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'f1\'f5\'ea\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'ea\'f1\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'f5\'dc\'f1\'e9\'e8\'ec\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f0\'e9\'e1\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f1\'f7\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'e1\'f1\'e4\'e9\'f9\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'ef\'ec\'ef\'eb\'fc\'e3\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'e8\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' 
\'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'f4\'e5\'f1\'fe\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e8\'f5\'ec\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'e5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e9\'e4\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'f0\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'dc\'f4\'f4\'e2\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4
\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4
\'e5\'fd\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e9\'eb\'e1\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'ef\'fd
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'e5\'ed\'e3\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'e1\'ea\'ef\'f5\'df\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'f3\'ec\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f1\'f9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'f1\'f9\'df\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e6\'e7\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3
\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'de\'f1\'ee\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'ed\'e1\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'f9\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'eb\'fc\'f1\'e5\'ed\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'e1\'fa\'f4\'e9\'ed\'e3\'ea\'dd\'e9\'eb\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'eb\'df\'e6\'e1\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e8\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'f1\'dc\'e9\'e1\'f1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc
\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'e5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f6\'df\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'f4\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e9\'e4\'e9\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'eb\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'f3\'f4\'e9\'e1\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'f9
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ec\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'f7\'e1\'f1\'ef\'fd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e3\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'e5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'f0\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'dc\'f4\'f4\'e2\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f7\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e8\'ed\'e7\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f5\'f7\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'df\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'df\'f4\'ef\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc
\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e9\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e8\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e2\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'f5\'f7\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e2
\'e1\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'df\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'d0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'ea\'e5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e2\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'f5\'eb
\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f3\'fc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'d3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'fd\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'f0\'f1\'dc\'f7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ec\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ec\'f6\'e1\'ed\'df\'f3\'f4\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fe\'f0\'e9\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'de\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'ea\'dc\'eb\'f5\'f8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'e2\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e5\'ee\'e7\'e3\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'e3\'ea\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f5\'ec\'df
\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e5\'e9\'e1\'e6\'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'f0\'f1\'dc\'f7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ec\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e5
\'fd\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f0\'f1\'e5\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea
\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f3\'ef\'e4\'df\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e8\'e7\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'e8\'e5\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ea\'e1\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'e1\'eb\'dd\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . "\'bc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e8\'e7\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4
\'ef\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dc\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'e1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1
\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\'f4\'e6\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'ec\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e8\'f5\'ec
\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'f7\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e2\'e4\'ef\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e1\'df\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f0\'f4\'dc\'f0\'f4\'f5\'f7\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'ef\'fd\'f4\'e6\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e3\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc
\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e2\'df\'e2\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f1\'e5\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f5\'f4\'e1\'f0\'dc\'f1\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f7\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f4\'e9\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f6\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'ef\'ec\'df\'f3\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f4\'ef
\'f5\'f1\'e3\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'ef\'fd\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e6\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef
\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7
\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3
\'e1\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f4\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4
\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'ef\'f3\'ef\'f6\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'ea\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb
\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'e9\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'ee\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'e2\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 .
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'f3\'f7\'ef
\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f9\'f4\'e7\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'f0\'ef\'f6\'e8\'e1\'eb\'ec\'e9\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'e9\'f1\'e2\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9
\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e6\'df\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'e2\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'e7\'e8\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'e7\'e8\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f4\'e5\'f5\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd
\'e9\'f1\'e2\'dc\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e8\'fe\'f1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f5
\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'ea\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e9
\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e9\'fe\'e8\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc
\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'e2\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'ea\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e6\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f7\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'e8\'ef\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'e5\'f1\'e3\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'e8\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'ea\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\'e4\'de
\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f6\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'dd\'eb\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'ec
\'ed\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'e3\'e3\'dd\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'f1
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f6\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'e3\'e3\'dd\'eb\'eb\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'e5\'f1\'e3\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'ef\'e9\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f4\'e9\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e3\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'ea\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e5\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ec\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e3\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'bc\'f1\'ea\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'f0\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'dc\'f4\'f4\'e2\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ": \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ea\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'e2\'e9\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dd\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'e9\'f1\'e2\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f0\'f4\'dc\'f0\'f4\'f5\'f7\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'d0\'ef\'fd\'f4\'e6\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'f4\'f1\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e8\'dd\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'eb
\'eb\'e7\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8
\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3
\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'dc\'ed\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f1\'ea\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'fc\'f1\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'dd\'f3\'e5\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e1\'ed\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e5\'ed\'ed\'e9\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f3\'f7\'dd\'f4\'e9\'f3\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e5\'ed\'ed\'e9\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'dc\'e4
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'fc\'ec\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'e5
\'f1\'e3\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0
\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f7\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'eb\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .- \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e8\'e5\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'df\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e4\'e7\'eb\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e8\'dd\'f4\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'dc\'ed\'e3\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e5
\'f5\'ea\'ef\'eb\'fd\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9
\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'dc\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4
\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'dc\'ed\'e3\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'e5\'f1\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'fd\'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'f1\'f4\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'e5\'f1\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'ea\'ef\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1
\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'ed\'e1\'e9\'ef\'e4\'f9\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'f1\'de\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'df\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'e2\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'f5\'f0\'e7\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea
\'ef\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e9\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fc\'eb\'ef
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5}{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 . 
\par 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'e5\'f6\'dc\'eb\'e1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53  3
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c5\'df\'e4\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1
\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'f3\'e1\'e3\'f9\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f3\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'ea\'dc\'e8\'e1\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'e2\'f1\'e9\'e8\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 
\'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ef\'f1\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'eb\'eb\'e7\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec
\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec
\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e9\'e1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'e8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'e3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'f4\'f1\'e1\'f0\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ed\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dc\'ec\'e5\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'e9\'ea\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1
\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4
\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1
\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dc\'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'ea\'f1\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e9\'e1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e5\'f5\'e3\'e1\'eb\'dd\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f1\'ea\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ea\'e5
\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e9\'e1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'dc\'ed\'e9\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1
\'fc\'f3\'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e3\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ea\'e5\'df\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'e3\'e3\'df\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f6
\'e1\'ed\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f4\'f3\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f6\'e1\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\loch\f53 \hich\f53  '\'ef\'eb\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'e1\'e3\'e3\'df\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f4\'f5
\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 (\'d0\'e1\'f1\'e5\'ec\'f0\'e9\'f0\'f4\'fc\'ed\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9
\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'df\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e8\'dd\'f4
\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e1\'ea\'f4\'fd\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f5\'f7\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'e5\'f1\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f3\'f9\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3
\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 , \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'f5\'f6\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e1\'f7\'f4\'fd\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'ec\'dd\'f7\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'ec\'e1\'ea\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ea\'eb\'dc\'e4\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f1\'ec\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e5\'e9\'f1\'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea
\'dd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ec\'e1\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e5\'e9\'f1\'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
", \'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'e2\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'dc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  "\'ec\'e1\'e3\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fd\'ea\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'ea\'e5\'e9\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e3\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'e8\'dd\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e2\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 .)
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f8\'e7
\loch\f53 .\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e5\'e2\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fd\'f7
\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f4\'f5\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f6\'e1\'ed\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb
\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'eb\'e7\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c5\'df\'e4\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5
\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f6\'e1\'f1\'ec\'ef\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'e1\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f1\'e1\'f6\'e9\'ed\'dc\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'dc\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'e6\'e7\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c5\'e4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f9\'f3\'f4
\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'f3\'dc\'ec\'f5\'e1\'e3\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'e2\'dc\'f4\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\'f3\'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'d3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'f0\'f4\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e2\'eb\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ec\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'f6\'e9\'f3\'e7\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'f7\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef
\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'ef\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e3\'eb
\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c2\'dc\'f4\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'e9\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ee\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dc\'ec\'f5\'e1\'e3\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , (\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'dc\'ec\'f5\'e1\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ), \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'e8\'e5\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'eb\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " -\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5
\'f4\'dc\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'ef\'ea
\'eb\'e7\'f1\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'dd\'f1\'e1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'de\'f1\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e5\'f0\'f4\'f5\'e3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'f0\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dc\'ec\'f5\'e1
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'e2\'dc\'f4\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb
\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'ed\'e5\'ee\'dc\'f1\'f4\'e7\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ba\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'ec\'df\'e6\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'de\'ea\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6
\'ef\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'eb\'e7\'f6\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'d3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f7\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0
\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f3\'e1\'f1\'ea\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'e9\'e5\'f1\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'df\'f7\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'e4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0
\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc
\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f7\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'e8\'e5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f8\'e5\'f5\'e4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'e5\'eb\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0
\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ea
\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f7\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'e9\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea
\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'eb\'e5\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'e5\'f5\'e8\'e5\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'f0\'e9\'eb\'ef\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e6\'e7\'f4\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0
\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  '\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'f9\'f0\'e7\'eb\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'f9\'f0\'e7\'eb\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'f0\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'fc\'f6\'e5\'f5\'ea\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'ef\'f7\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f3
\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'e3\'f1\'e1\'ec\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f5\'eb\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f1\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'e8\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f6\'e1\'df\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f1\'f1\'ef\'de\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'dd\'e3\'f7\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'f0\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'f5\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f7\'f9\'f1
\'e9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'fe\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fe\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed
\'e5\'fd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fe\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ed\'e5\'fd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5
\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e9\'ec\'e5\'f1\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f1\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fe\'ec
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'fd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f7\'f9\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ec\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'df\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'de\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f3\'ec\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1
\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f3\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'f1\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fe\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'fd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'fe\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'fd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e9\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e9\'dc\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f7\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'fe\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ce\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e2\'e3\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'e1\'f5\'e3\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'df\'e8\'e7\'ea\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec
\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f9\'f4\'fc\'e3\'ef\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'e9\'eb\'df\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'eb\'f6\'df\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'df\'f7\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'df\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e3\'dd\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'e3\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'fc\'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee
\'e1\'e9\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f7\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'dc\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dc\'ec\'e5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'ec\'e5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'f4\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dc\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'fe\'f3
\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'e9\'e4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'e2\'eb\'df\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'f5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'f1\'f5\'f3\'f4\'e1\'eb\'eb\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e1\'df\'f1\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e7\'f1\'ef\'f6\'ef\'f1\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'e2\'eb\'df\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'fd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'bc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f5\'eb\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'fe\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'fe\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e7\'e3\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dc\'ec\'e5
\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'ec\'e5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'ef
\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'df\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'fc\'f6\'e5\'f5\'ea\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fd\'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f6\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 : \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'e9\'ed\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e1\'f7\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'e1\'f4\'e6\'f1
\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'e1\'f4\'e6\'f1\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'e4\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0
\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f3\'fe\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'fd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e4\'dd\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 "). \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fe\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f6\'e1\'eb\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dd\'ed
\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'e9\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'fd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'e4\'e9\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'dc\'eb\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ec\'df\'e3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'dd\'f1\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'ef\'f7\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f6\'dc\'eb\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'eb\'e1\'e9\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'de\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'df\'f7\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fe\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'fd\'ec\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'eb\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'f1\'e1\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f3\'f7\'e5
\'f4\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fe\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'fd\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53  
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e3\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9
\'f0\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'f7\'ef\'eb\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'e9
\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f6\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'e4\'e9\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f6\'dc\'eb\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f6\'e1\'eb\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'ef\'eb\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fe\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'e4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'f1\'e4\'e9\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'ef\'eb\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'f5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'e9\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'e9\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd
\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'fc\'f1\'e3\'e1\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'e4\'e9\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'ea\'e5\'e9\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'f1\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e7\'e8\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0
\'e5\'fd\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e4\'e7\'eb\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4
\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f9\'f1\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'f5\'f4\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e6\'df\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed
\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef
\'eb\'df\'e3\'ef\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f6\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e3\'f1\'e1\'ec\'ec\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53  
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb
\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e3\'f1\'dc\'f6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb
\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'f1\'f5\'f6\'e5\'f1\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'de\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'f1\'ef\'dc\'e3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ec\'ef\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'ed\'e8\'e1\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'e5\'eb\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e3\'f1\'dc\'f6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'e8\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e2\'eb\'e1\'e2\'de\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'dc\'e3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f3\'e1\'f1\'ec\'ef\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'f7\'e1\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'fd
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ), \'e9\'e4\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'e3\'f7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f6\'e1\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\'ea\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'ef\'f0\'eb\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f9\'f1\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'f3\'f7\'f9\'f1\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'f1\'e5\'f5\'ed\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef
\'eb\'eb\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ec\'e5\'f4\'f9\'f0\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'f5\'f1\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'e3\'e5\'eb\'e9\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'e9\'ed\'ef\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f0\'e9\'dc\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e9\'f3\'f7\'f5\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f0\'e9\'dc\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e5
\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f1\'f1\'df\'f0\'f4\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'f4\'f1\'e9\'ec\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 . \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f0\'e5\'f1\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f6\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'bc\'f3\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb
\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'fd\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'f5
\'f6\'e5\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f9\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e1\'e3\'f9\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ec\'ef\'ed\'df
\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f6\'dc\'f0\'f4\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'f4\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'e5\'f7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e3\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1
\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'e5\'f1\'e8\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'ef\'f7\'e9\'ea\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d5\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'eb\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'f4\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4
\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'dd\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'e9\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f0\'f1\'e5\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'e9\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6
\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c8\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9
\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f7\'e5\'e4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'e5\'df\'f0\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'f5\'e3\'f7\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e9
\'f0\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'e9\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed
\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4
\'e1\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 1. \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6
\'e9\'eb\'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d0\'f1\'fe\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7
\'e8\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'ec\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'e6\'fc\'f1\'f4\'e6\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'f5\'dc\'f3\'e9\'ed\'ea\'e3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ,17 \'ec\'e1
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e3\'e1\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'dd\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53  . \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ce\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb
\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'c1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'f4\'de\'ea\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; 
\'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'e2\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fd\'f6\'e1\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'df\'f4\'f1\'e9\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e5\'df\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'ea\'f1\'fc\'f6\'f9\'ed\'ef\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 .
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1
\'ed\'f4\'eb\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'e2\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ea\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'bc\'f3\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e2
\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'f0\'fc\'f3\'e3\'ef\'f5\'e5\'eb\loch\f53 \hich\f53 18 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f5\'ec\'fc\'f3\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'f4\'de\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  Dr Johnson \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'ea\'f1\'e9\'e2\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  Dr Johnson \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'df\'e6
\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'e9\'e4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd\'e2\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e8\'f5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5
\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd\'e2\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'f4\'de\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e9\'ea\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'f0\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'e2\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
, \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'ec\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'e5\'f7\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4
\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'ef\'e9\'ea\'e5\'e9
\'f9\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  Johnson \'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e1\'f6\'e7\'e3\'e7\'ec
\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'f1\'df\'e2\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " - \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'ea\'e7\'f3\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f5\'f8\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'eb\'e5\'f0\'f4\'f5\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'e1\'eb\'de
\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'e5\'e9\'ea\'ed\'f5\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'ee\'e9\'fc\'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f0\'fc\'eb\'e1\'e9\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f6\'e1\'f1\'ec\'fc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'e7\'e3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'f1\'df\'e2\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f4\'e9\'ec\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e9\'e3\'dc\'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed
\'fc\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'dd\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f5\'f3\'ea\'fe\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e2\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e9\'ec\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'e8\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'e9\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'f1\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4
\'e7\'e3\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb
\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e8\'de\'ea\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c8\'f5\'ec\'dc\'ec\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ef\'f1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'dd\'f3\'e1\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'ed\'e4\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e5\'f5\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea
\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'fd\'f1\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e2\'e4\'ef\'ec\'de\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e3\'e4\'fc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4
\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cb\'df\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'e9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'e3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'e2\'e1\'e6\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'e4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'ec\'ef\'fd
\'e8\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dd\'e8\'e7\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e9\'eb\'e9\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'dd\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f1\'e8\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'f4\'fc\'f4
\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'e7\'e8\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'f0\'eb\'f9\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'f4\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'ed\'f4\'e1\'ed\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'df\'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e8\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'e1\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e5\'df\'f7\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'e8\'f5\'ed\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'e2\'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f4\'fd\'f0\'f9\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'f1\'df\'e2\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'bc\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dc\'f3
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'f1\'e5\'e2\'eb\'fe\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'f1\'dd\'f6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e9\'e3\'dc\'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'eb\'e5\'fd\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'e5\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f7\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd
\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f7\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'fd\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e2\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ef\'fd\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e9\'fe\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 .\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dd\'e8\'e7\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dd\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'e3\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e5\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de
\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dd\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'df\'eb\'e9\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'df\'eb\'e9\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'ed\'de\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea
\'e1\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'ed\'de\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'f0\'f4\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5
\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'fe\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'ec\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'de\'ea\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f7\'df\'eb\'e9\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e1\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'ed\'de
\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ! \'c5\'f0\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1
\'ef\'f3\'e5\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'e2\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f4\'f9
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'eb\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea
\'dd\'f1\'e1\'e9\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'e2\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'dd\'f1\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'e2\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f4\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'e9\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'e8\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ec\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'e9\'eb\'e9\'ea\'f1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f0\'e1\'e9\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'fd\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ,\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1
\'e4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f5\'e1\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'f4\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6
\'f4\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'e3\'f7\'f5\'f3\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'e6\'dc\'eb\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f7\'dc\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'f1\'e1\'f7\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'fc\'e3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'dc\'e2\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e2\'dc\'f3\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'ec\'e1\'f3\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'e9\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'ef\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e3\'f9\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef
\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e8\'e7\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f9\'f1\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'dc\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e8\'de\'ea\'e5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f7\'f5\'f1\'e9\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'d0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'f4\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 ; 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6
\'f9\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'de\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'e5\'e3\'e3\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f1\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'dd\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dc\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec
\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dc\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f5\'e1\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'ea\'dc\'e8\'e1\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'df\'e3\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'f4\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'f4\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f8\'e7\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\'ed\'de\'f4\'f1\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\'df\'e6
\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'fd\'e2\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'df\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'dd
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'e9\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e1\'f0\'fc\'eb\'f5\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'eb\'e9\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 
\'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'eb\'f5\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'eb\'e9\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'e8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f5\'e8\'ef\'f3\'ea\'ef\'f0\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'f4
\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f3\'f9\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dc\'ec\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7
\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f7\'f5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f7\'f9\'f1\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e2\'dc\'eb\'eb\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1
\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'ec\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'ef\'ee\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f7\'e5\'e4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'dd\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 
\'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'dd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'df\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'de\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'f6\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'dd\'f1\'e1\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'ed\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'e9\'e4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'eb\'e9\'ea\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f7\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'f1\'dc\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f7
\'f9\'f1\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f1\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'de\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'dd\'f1\'e1\'e9\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'f5\'f0\'e1\'e8\'dd\'f3\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f3\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c4\'e9\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f6\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef
\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'dd\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e3\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'dd\'f7\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'ea\'fd\'f8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'e1\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 ,\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'eb\'ef
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f6\'e9\'f3
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'ed\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4
\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'e3\'f5\'f1\'ed\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f1\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'e4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'ef\'e9\'ea\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e5\'f0\'e9\'f6\'fd\'eb\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e3\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f3\'e1\'ed\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'c4\'f5\'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\'f7\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'e1\'ed\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
. \'bc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'f1\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f3\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f0\'ef\'f5
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f3\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'de\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ea\'eb\'e5\'f0\'f4\'f5\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e2\'e1\'e8\'fd
\loch\f53 ,\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'f6\'f4\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f1\'f5\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f1\'e1\'ed\'ef\'ee\'fd\'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f9\'ed\'dc\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'e9\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'e7\'e3\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 2. \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'f5\'f6\'e5\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7
\'f4\'e1\'f2
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'de\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'f5\'f6\'e5\'f1\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'e3\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'e8\'f1\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\'f2
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'eb\'f5\'ea\'fc\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'de\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e5\'f5\'e8\'fd\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'fc\'f3\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; 
\'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'fe
\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'e1
\'ed\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'f4\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'dd\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'ef\'f4\'dd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'ba\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f7\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe
\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e5\'df\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'dc\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'dc\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'f4\'e9\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'ef\'e9\'f4\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'ec\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f4\'f9\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'e2\'dc\'ed\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'dc\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'f3\'f7\'e5\'e4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'f5
\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'f3\'f9\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'f4\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'f4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53  \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 (\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ef\'f1\'e8\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'ea\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9
\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f3\'e1\'ed\'e1\'f3\'f7\'dd\'f4\'e7\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 !).
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'fd
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'f1\'ee
\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'dc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'f5\'f6\'e5\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'dd\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'fd\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e1\'f0\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
, \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'fc\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'e3\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'e1\'ed\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e1\'df\'f3\'e9\'ef\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'e4\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'e4\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'e4\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'e3\'e5\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 
\'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e8\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\'f0\'f1\'ef\'e1\'df\'f1
\'e5\'f4\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e9\'f0\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'e7\'e8\'dc\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'eb\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'e8\'dd\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4
\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e5
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3
\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea
\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e2\'ef\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f7\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f5\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e9\'e8\'dd\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e1\'f0\'e7\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ef\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'e9\'e4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'e4\'dd\'eb\'f6\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'e6\'f5\'e3\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0
\'dc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e6\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dd\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ea\'ef\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
, \'f4\'f1\'e9\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'e4\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc
\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'e4\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'e3\'e5\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'ec\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fc\'eb\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea
\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'e1\'eb\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e2\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9
\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'ea\'dc\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'eb\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'e9\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'eb\'e5\'e3\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : "\'f3\'ef\'f6\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f4\'dd\'f1\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'e9\'e4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'cb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f6\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f4\'dd\'f1\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'e9\'e4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e4\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f6\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc
\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'e9\'e4\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'f3\'ec\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'df\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e5\'ed\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'f3\'ec\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e9\'e3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ed\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1
\'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e6\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'f5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'f4\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'cc\'e7\'f4\'dd\'f1\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'ef
\'f1\'f6\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'e5\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e9\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dc\'ed\'e5\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f3\'f6\'dc\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'e3\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e9\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'f4\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'e9\'e4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'f4\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'f3\'f9\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f7\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'dd\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f1\'ea\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'ea\'f1\'ef\'e2\'e5\'eb\'f4\'e9\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'e5\'fd\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'d4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f7\'fd\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'e4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'e1\'f1\'e5\'ee\'e7\'e3\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f3\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'f5\'f7\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'f0\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'f1\'e5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f3\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e3\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e5\'fd\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e9\'e4\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'f5\'f6\'e5\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'dd\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4
\'fd\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'ed\'e7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'e5\'f5\'f4\'ef\'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e2\'ef\'eb\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 .\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'e3\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'f1\'e1\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\'eb
\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'ef\'ec\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'fd\'f9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'e3\'e9\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'e7\'e3\'ef\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53  \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 "\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'f7\'dd\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f0\'f4\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed
\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'e2\'fd\'f1\'e9\'ed\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'ef\'e9\'e2\'e1\'df\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e2\'ef\'eb\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'f7\'ed
\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'ef\'e9\'e2\'e1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'e3\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'ef\'e9\'e2\'e1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 .

\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'ef\'e9\'e2\'e1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3
\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'ef\'e9\'e2\'e1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df
\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e1\'f0\'dc\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1
\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'e3\'ea\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'e3\'ea\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'e8\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'ec\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f0\'f1\'e5\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'e3\'ea\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'fc\'eb\'e5\'f5\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f7\'ed\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f1\'dc\'f3
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ee\'dd\'f1\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'d4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'e3\'ea\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb
\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e5
\'e9\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4
\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'e3\'ea\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'fc\'ed\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e5\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e5\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'e7\'e8\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'e7\'e3\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5
\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 3. \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f9\'e3\'de\'f2\loch\f53  

\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5
\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'e7\'e8\'dc\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f3\'f6
\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'f5\'f1\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9
\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef
\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'ef\'ec\'e9\'eb\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e5\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'f4\'fd\'f3\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'de
\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'e1\'ec\'ec\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'e7\'e8\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e3\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e1\'f0\'e1\'e9\'f4\'e5\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'f5\'f8\'fe\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'fc\'ec\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e5\'f5\'e8\'f5\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed
\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'e2\'e9\'e2\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'df\'f7\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f4\'df\'ec\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'ed\'dd\'ef\'f5
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'f5\'f3\'f4\'f5\'f7\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'dc\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb
\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd\'e2\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f4\'f5\'f7\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\'f4\'f1\'fe\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e9\'ec\'dc\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef
\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'e1\'f1\'e4\'e9\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'de\'ee\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e9\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ef\'f7\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f4\'df\'ec\'e7\'f3\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f1\'f6\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'f0\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e8\'e1\'f1\'f1\'f5\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'e8\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'e7\'e8\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'eb\'e9\'f7\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'e8\'dd\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ed\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f6\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'e7\'e8\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 19 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'ea\'f1\'f5\'f6\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'e1\'e3\'e3\'dd\'eb\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'df\'f7\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1
\'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . (\'d3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'de\'f1\'f7\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'e1\'e3\'e3\'dd\'eb\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'e3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e4\'e5\'ea\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e1\'f4\'ef\'ed\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f9\'e8\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'e7\'f4\'dc\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .) \'d3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'e7\'f3\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'f0\'e1\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e6\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e8\'e7\'f4
\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c3\'e1\'eb\'e9\'eb\'e1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f0\'e5\'f3\'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'fc\'f6\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'f5\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f0\'dc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb
\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'fc\'f6\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'f5\'eb\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'cb\'ef\'ed\'e4\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'fd\'ed\'e7\'e8\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'e1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e2\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'f0\'f9\'ed\'f4\'eb\'e1\'df\'f1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 20 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'fc
\'f6\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'fe\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e8\'dd\'e1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'f5\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'fc\'f6\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e4\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'ea\'f1\'e9\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e8\'e7\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'dd\'e4\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53  
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\'fc\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e7\'e4\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'e7\'f3\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f3
\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'ec\'ef\'e3\'dd\'eb\'e1\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e3\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : "\'d4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fc\'ed\'f4\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 !" \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f1\'e1\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'fc\'f6\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'fd\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cc\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'ef\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f0\'df
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'e9\'f4\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ed
\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ea\'e1\'f4\'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'ef\'f0\'e5\'e4\'fe\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f5\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'de\'f1\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'e5\'ea\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9
\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e2\'f1
\'df\'f3\'ea\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\'f1
\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e5\'eb\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1
\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'ef\'e4\'e7\'e3\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'e7\'e8\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f3\'f4\'f9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'e9\'fe\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'df\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f4\'df\'ec\'e7\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f4\'e9\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef
\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'f4\'fd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fd\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f3\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'f4
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'ef\'e4\'e7\'e3\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e9\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'ec\'e9\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'fd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ed\'e1\'ea\'e5\'f6\'e1\'eb\'e1\'e9\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e3\'f1\'dc\'f8\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
, \'fc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\'b7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb
\'ef\'f5\'b7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e5\'f5
\'ea\'ef\'eb\'fd\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'f0\'f4\'f5\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e7\'f1\'e5\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f9\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'e3\'e5\'df\'e1\'b7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'e3\'ea\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\'b7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e2\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e5\'f5\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\'b7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f7\'ed
\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'e7\'e3\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'e1\'f1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f8\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'e1\'f1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 4. \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'dc\'e3\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ec\'ef\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ea\'f4\'fc\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e3\'f1\'dc\'f8\'e1\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'dc\'e3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ec\'ef\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f6\'e1\'f3
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'fc\'eb\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'e9\'f1
\'e1\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'dd\'e5\'f2\loch\f53  -\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'f1\'fc\'ea\'e5\'e9\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'f5\'eb\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e5\'f3\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'f3
\'f4\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'e3\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'fd\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2
\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'dc\'e3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ec\'ef\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'ef\'e9\'e2\'e1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e2\'e1\'f3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\'e9\'ea\'f1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e3\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f4\'e5\'f5\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'ef\'e9\'e2\'e1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dd\'f1\'e2\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'ef\'e9\'e2\'e1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dd\'f1\'e2\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' 
\'e5\'ee\'ef\'f7\'de\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ec\'ef\'ed\'df
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e7\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e5\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'dd\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'f0\'f9\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ea\'fc\'ec
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'f9\'f4\'ef
\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'ed\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'eb\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'ef
\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
' \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'dd\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb
\'e9\'e3\'ef\'f3\'f4\'e5\'fd\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f4
\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f1\'f5\'f6\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ec\'ef\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'ef\'e9\'e2\'e1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dd\'f1\'e2\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f1\'f5\'f6\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df
\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'f9\'f0\'de\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea
\'e1\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ea\'f1\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dc\'f9\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'fd
\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5
\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'e1\'f4\'e6\'f1\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'e4\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'ec\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4
\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea
\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e4\'df\'e4\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'e1\'f0\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 
\'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9
\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'e4\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'fc\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c6\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'e1\'f4
\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'f5\'f3\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'f5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'dc\'e4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'de\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\'ec\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'ef\'de\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e1\'f7\'e1\'ea\'dc\'f3\'e9\'e1\'f0\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed
\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e4\'fc\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e1\'f7\'e1\'ea\'dc\'f3\'e9\'e1\'f0\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'dc\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c6\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'c2\'e1\'f4\'e6\'f1\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f8\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'eb\'e5\'f0\'e1\'e8\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'f9\'f0\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ec\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f7\'f9\'f1\'df\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dd\'ec\'e2\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'e1\'f0\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'f0\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'fc\'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'fd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e4\'df\'e4\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'eb\'f5\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'e5\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'fd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f3\'dc\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'f7\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'f4\'e9\'eb\'e1
\'ec\'e2\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'f9\'f0\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f7
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'fc\'f1\'f5\'e2\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e2\'de\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'fc\'f1\'f5\'e2\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'ea\'eb\'ef\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e9\'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ee\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'fc\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'ee\'e9\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'dd\'ea\'eb\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4
\'f9\'ec\'dc\'f4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'fc\'f1\'f5\'e2\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'ed\'ef\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e8\'fc\'f1\'f5\'e2\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'df\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e9\'e3\'dc\'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ed\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'ea\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'fd\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'ed
\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'ed\'f4\'e1\'ed\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'f9\'f0\'de\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'ed\'f4\'e1\'ed\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'f9\'f0\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'ed\'e4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'dc\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d1\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'cc\'e1\'f7\'dc\'f1\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'e8\'e1\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  1950. \'c5\'df\'f7\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f7\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e5\'e8\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e6\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dc\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'de\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'ef\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f0\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e2\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dd\'e4\'f1\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'df\'e8\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd
\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'dd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'eb\'f5\'ec\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4
\'dd\'f1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e3\'f1\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'eb\'e5\'e3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'e2\'eb\'e5\'f0\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3
\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f1\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\'eb\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'df\'e8\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ec\'dc\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'ec\'fc\'eb\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'f0\'e1\'e9\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e9\'f9\'e8\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'ed\'e5\'df\'f3\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'e5\'f1\'e3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'f7\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'f9\'f0\'de\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'ed\'ef\'e9\'f9\'e8\'e5\'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'eb\'e5\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'f9
\'f0\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e4\'f5\'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7
\'e5\'e4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fd\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'f9\'f0\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'dd\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'e9\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1
\'e5\'f5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'f3\'f1\'dd\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'e4\'e9\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e8\'e7\'f3\'f5\'f7\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e9\'f9\'e8\'e5\'f2\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'eb\'e5\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'f9\'f0\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'f1\'e5\'ec\'e5\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e1\'eb\'e7\'ed\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'dc\'f9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'e9\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'f9\'f0\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e9\'f9\'e8\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'eb\'e5\'ee\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e9\'f9\'e8
\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'e9\'dc\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f0\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f3\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'e9\'f9\'f0\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'f9\'f0\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f3\'dc\'f1\'ea\'f9\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d1\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e1\'f7\'dc\'f1\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'e9\'f9\'f0\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'dc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'e9\'f9\'f0\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'ec\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'f9\'f0\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f0\'e1\'ed\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'e3\'f7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\'e1\'ec\'f6\'e9\'f3\'e2\'de\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9
\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e2\'ef\'eb\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'dc\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'ef\'f1
\'fd\'e2\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'eb\'f5\'e1\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'e1\'f0
\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e8\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f9\'f1\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'fc\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df
\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'ea\'dc\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'dc\'ed\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd
\'f0\'f1\'e5\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'e1\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'e3\'e7\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e5\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e7\'e3\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'e9\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'f9\'f0\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'df\'f1\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5
\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'f0\'df\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'de\'f1\'f7\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'e1\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e1\'ea\'fc\'eb\'e5\'fa\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef
\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'e9\'ed\'e8\'e7\'f1\'ef\'e2\'fc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'fd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'df\'ed\'f4\'ed\'e5\'fa\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'d3\'ec\'e9\'e8\loch\f53 \hich\f53 21 \'e5\'f0\'e5\'f3\'de\'ec\'e1\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : "\'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e1\'ea\'fc\'eb\'e5\'fa\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e5\'eb\'f4\'e9\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f7\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'ec\'f0\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'e5\'df\'ec\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'f9\'f0\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'ba\'f3\'f9\'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc\'ed\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e5\'eb\'f4\'e9\'f9\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ba\'f3\'f9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc
\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'ec\'f0\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'e5\'df\'ec\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'f9\'f0\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ba\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'f0\'f1\'e5\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'ec\'e9\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'fe\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'f9\'f0\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'ed\'e5\'ed\'fc\'f7\'eb\'e7\'f4\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'f3\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f1\'e5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'ea\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f6\'fd\'e3\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'ef\'ee\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e9\'e4\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'e9\'ed\'dd\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'f9\'f0\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'ef\'e9\'dc\'e6
\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e2\'fc\'e7\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'e3\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e1\'f1\'eb\'dc\'f5\'eb\loch\f53 \hich\f53 22: "\'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e1\'e3\'e3\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e9\'f9\'f0\'de\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f1\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fd\'f1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'d6\'eb\'fd\'e1\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'c5\'f0\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'eb\'e5\'df\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f3\'f5\'e6\'de\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'f0\'df\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'dd\'ef\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f6\'e1\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\'fd\'e2\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ,\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'fc\'ec\'e9\'e6\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e7\'e8\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9
\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'de\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'f5
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f6\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'f1\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'de\'f3\'e9\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'dc\'e3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f1\'ec\'ef\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dd\'f1\'e2\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'e5\'f6\'dc\'eb\'e1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53  4
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f6\'de\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'e1\'f1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'ef\'fd
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5
\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53   \'d3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'dc\'ec\'f5\'e1\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'ea\'e1\'f1\'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 : \'f3\'dc\'ec\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'ea\'e1\'ec\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'f1\'df\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'fc\'f1\'f6\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd
\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'f1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1
\'e9\'ef\'eb\'e5\'ee\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'e9\'f4\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e1\'e9\'f4\'dd\'f1\'f9
\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'dc\'eb\'f5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dc\'ec\'f5\'e1\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'f0\'f9\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb
\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'dd\'f1\'e1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'eb\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'f0\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 
. 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f3\'f4\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f1\'fd\'ed\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'e7\'e3\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'e4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'e9\'ed\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f5\'f6\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'ec\'e5\'eb\'e9\'fe\'e4\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1
\'f7\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'d4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'d5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'ef\'eb\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'e5\'ea\'f4\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fd
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e7\'f1\'df\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f6\'e1\'ed\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dc\'e4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dc
\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'de\'f1
\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'dc\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'d0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'bc\'eb
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f8\'df\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'f9\'f4\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f6\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e5\'ee\'e1\'e9\'f1
\'dd\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'df\'f1\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f6\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f1
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'f3\'f7\'e5\'e4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'f0\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'ed\'e9
\'dd\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'fc\'f6\'e5\'f5\'ea\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'de\'f1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\'ed\'e7\'f4\'de\'f1\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'df\'ed\'e7\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e5\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 ;
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'ec\'de\loch\f53 "
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'e1\'ed\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e5\'f1\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f1\'dd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'ed\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'ec\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d5\'f0\'ef\'f4\'df\'e8\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f1\'ea\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e1\'df\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ea\'e1\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e3\'e9\'ed
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'ec\'e7\'e4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'de\'e8\'e9\'ea\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f6\'e1\'ed\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2
\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'de\'ec\'e5\'f1\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'ec\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'f7\'e7\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e4\'dd\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'df\'e1
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e9\'e4\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f5\'f1\'df\'f3\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'dc\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f1\'df\'ee\'e1
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'fc\'f1\'e2\'ef\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'ec\'e1\'f1\'f4\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e9\'e1\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f7\'f9\'f1\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'ef\'eb\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'dd\'ef\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'e4\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'de\'f1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  17\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'fe\'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'eb\'e1\'f4\'f9\'ed\'e9\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e1\'df\'ec\'f0\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e6\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d1\'e1\'eb\'f6\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'e3\'ef\'f5\'ef\'f1\'e8\loch\f53 \hich\f53 23, \'dd\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f8\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'e2\'eb\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f4\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'c4\'e9\'e1\'f4\'f1\'e9\'e2\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'e9\'fe\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'eb\'ef\'df\'f9\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'e9
\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'eb\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'e1\'ed\'ef
\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f1\'f7\'e9\'e5\'f0\'e9\'f3\'ea\'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e1\'ed\'f4\'dd\'f1\'ec\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'dc\'f0\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'e2\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f4\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'e5\'fd\'e8\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e5\'f0\'f4\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'fc\'f3\'ef\'f6\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  19\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'fe\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dc\'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e5
\'df\'f7\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e7\'f3\'f5\'f7\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd\'f7
\'e9\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'fe\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'a2\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'f1\'e2\'df\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'dc\'ee\'eb\'e5\'fa\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e1\'f1\'ee\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f5\'f0\'de\'f1\'ee\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'e4\'e5\'df\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ef\'e9\'ea\'e9\'e1\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e5\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'e6\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'e9\'ea\'f4\'f9\'f1\'e9\'e1\'ed\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1
\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'f3\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ed\'df\'e4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'eb\'e5\'e3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e7\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , "\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'dd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'ca\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f6\'f4\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4
\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'df\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'eb\'e9\'ea\'f1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e5\'df\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f6\'f4\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'fc\'ec\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'df\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e1\'ea\'f1\'ef\'f0
\'f1\'fc\'e8\'e5\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f1\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\'e1\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e9\'e1\'ea
\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e2\'e5\'df\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e3\'ea\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'ec\'e9\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'dc\'ed\'e9\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ec\'e5\'e9\'ed\'dc\'f1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'eb\'e9\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c9\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e1\'e9\'ef\'f7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'f4\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'ea
\'df\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'f1\'e1\'e2\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f5\'f1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f4\'e5\'f1\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e9\'e1\'e8\'dd
\'f4\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'e1
\'e9\'ef\'e5\'eb\'eb\'e7\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'f9\'ec\'e1\'fa\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e9\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e1\'e9\'ef\'f7\'f1
\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'f5\'f1\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f1\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'e5\'f5\'f1\'f9\'f0\'e1\'fa\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'fe\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'f1\'ec\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea
\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'e4\'f9\'eb\'ef\'eb\'e1\'f4\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9
\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea
\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'f5\'f6\'e1\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'f0\'e9\'ea\'f1\'e1\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e1\'e9\'ef\'f7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef
\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e5\'eb\'e8\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dd
\'e2\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb
\'ef\'f5\'e8\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e1\'e9\'ef\'f7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e2\'e1\'f3\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 24 . \'cc\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5
\'f0\'ef\'f7\'f1\'dd\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'dc
\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'e5\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'e1\'ed
\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'de\'f8\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'c4\'dd\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ed\'f4\'ef\'eb\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'e3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'f9\'f5\'f3
\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e9\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ec\'dd\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'ef\'ed\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f1\'e1\'f5\'ed\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'c4\'dd\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ed\'f4\'ef\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dd\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'e5\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4
\'dd\'e2\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7
\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'f4\'f1\'e9\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'dc\'ea\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e5\'df\'f7\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'dd
\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ed\'f4\'ef\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f3\'f7\'dc\'eb
\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'f6\'fc\'f0\'e5\'f4\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dd\'e4\'f9\'f3\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'ea\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'f3\'f1\'e1\'de\'eb\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'df\'f7\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'dd\'e2\'e1\'eb\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'e5\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f7\'e5\'e4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'e7\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'ec\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ee\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'e1\'eb\'e1\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'e9\'e1\'e8\'de
\'ea\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'ec\'e9\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'de\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'e5\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'eb\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'e5\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'ef\'f5\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ed\'e9
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'ec\'e9\'ef\'fd\'f1\'e3\'e7\'ec
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'e5\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f7\'e5\'e4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'eb\'dc\'e2\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'e5\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'de\'ea\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f5\'f0\'e1\'ea\'ef\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'e1\'f1\'f4\'df\'e1\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e1\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'d0\'f4\'fe\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'e4\'dc\'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'fd\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'ec\'f9\'f1\'de\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f5\'f0\'e1\'ea\'ef\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'e8\'e1\'df\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f4\'e1\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'e5\'fc
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : "\'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'dc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'fe\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'de\'e3\'e7\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'e3\'fc\'f1\'e5\'f5\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'de\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'df\'e5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fd\'e8\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'fc
\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'e3\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'df\'f1\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'eb\'e5\'ee\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'ef\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f0\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'ef\'f5
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f6\'df\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f4\'ef\'eb\'de
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f4\'ef\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f4\'e5\'f4\'e1\'eb\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f7\'f1\'e5\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'df\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'ed\'e1\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ee\'f9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'e4\'e5\'df\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef
\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'e1\'eb\'e1\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'e9\'e1\'e8\'de\'ea\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'df\'e3\'ef\'f5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea
\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'eb\'e5\'f0\'f4\'f5\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f7\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ea\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'c9\'e7\'f3\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'e3\'f1\'dc\'f6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e1\'e3\'e3\'dd\'eb\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'e7\'f3\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8
\'e5\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'e5\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'e1\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'fc\'f4\'f1\'f5\'ed\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6
\'ef\'e2\'e5\'f1\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'df\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'e7\'f4\'de\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5
\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e1\'f0\'ef\'e8\'dd\'f4\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f1\'e1
\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'df\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'f0\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'e1\'ec\'ec\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0
\'ef\'f7\'f1\'e5\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e2\'eb\'de\'e8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'f9
\'e8\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'ec
\'ef\'f1\'f6\'f9\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e9\'e1\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e7
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e7\'f1\'e5\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df
\'e4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'f4\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 .

\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'de\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 o \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'f1\'e5
\'f4\'e1\'ed\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'df\'f1\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'e2\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd
\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f7\'f1\'dd\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e5\'e2\'eb\'de\'e8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'f9\'e8\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f4\'ef\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f7\'f1\'e5\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'f5\'ed\'ef\'f8\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e9\'e1\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea
\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e3\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc
\'e3\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'f1\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'fd\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'dd\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ! \'d6\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'e3\'f7\'f5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d6\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 ,
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'dd\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'f1\'f7\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e5
\'f4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'f5\'eb\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'e1\'eb\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e3\'dc\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'fc\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0
\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ed\'e1\'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f8\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'ef\'f7\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f3\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f0\'f4\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'f1\'e1\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dc\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 .

\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'de\'f1\'e9\'ef
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'e8\'e5\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e2\'dc\'eb
\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'e8\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'f4\'ef\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'e8\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'fd\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'eb\'fd
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'dd\'e3\'f1
\'e1\'f8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'ed\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f7\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'a2\'f0\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3
\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f4\'e7\'f1\'de\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'ef\'eb\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'eb\'dc\'e4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'df\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e8\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f4\'e5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'de\'f1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'ef\'e9\'ea\'e5\'e9\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'dd\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e1\'df\'f3\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4
\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'e1\'ed\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'a2\'f0\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'ea\'e5\'e9\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e1\'ef\'fa\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'ec\'f6\'ef\'f5\'ea\'e9\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'de\'f1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'de\'f1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f7\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\'e5\'f5\'ed\'dc\'f4\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'ef\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f3\'e1\'ed\'f3\'ea\'f1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ea\'e1\'ef\'f5\'f3\'dc\'eb\'f5\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'ea\'ef\'f5\'f3\'dc\'eb\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , (\'f3\'e1\'ed\'f3\'ea\'f1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'e1\'ea\'e1\'ef\'f5\'f3\'dc\'eb\'f5\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e1\'eb
\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'e1\'ea\'ef\'f5\'f3\'dc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ). \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'ef\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e5\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'e8\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f5\'f0\'ef\'ed\'ef\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f6\'f5\'c0\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f3\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd
\'f7\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'dc\'e2\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e5\'f1\'e5\'f5\'ed\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 ,\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f6\'f5\'c0\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ef\'f1\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef
\'e8\'dd\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\'f0\'f1\'ef\'e1\'df\'f1\'e5\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'e7\'e3\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc
\'eb\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'f1\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e8\'dd\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'e7\'e3\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'eb\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'f1\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e4\'e5\'ee\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 . 

\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e5\'df\'ed
\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'e9\'e6\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'e8\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'f9\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'f3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'dd\'f7\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'e3\'f7\'f5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'e1\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\'eb\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'ef\'f4\'e1\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc
\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'e3\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'f0\'e9\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e5\'df\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dd\'f0\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'e8\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'df\'f3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'e3\'f7\'f5\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'e8\'dd\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dd\'f0\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1
\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'ed\'e1\'e9\'ef\'e4\'f9\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'fc\'f1\'ec
\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'e9\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f3\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f7\'f9\'f1\'e9
\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea
\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3
\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'f4\'f4\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ,\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e8\'dd\'f4\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f3
\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ef\'f1\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f1\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec
\'f0\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 
\'c4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'fe\'ed
\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'f9\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'de\'f1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6
\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'d3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f6\'e1\'f1\'ec\'ef\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
, \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5
\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'e2\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f6\'e1\'f1\'ec\'ef\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3
\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'fd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'f4\'fd\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'e8\'fc\'f1\'ec\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\'f2
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'b8\'f7\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5
\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'ee\'e5\'ed\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'e2\'e1\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e8\'e7\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'e2\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'dd\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'df\'eb\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed
\'fc\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e4\'f9\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4
\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'f9\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'c1\'f0\'e1\'ed\'f4\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'f1\'ef\'f4\'e5\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'df\'eb\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc
\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'dd\'e2\'e1\'eb\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'e1\'f1\'f7\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd\'e2\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'dd\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ed\'f4\'ef\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'e5\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f9\'f4\'e9
\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ea\'f1\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'ef\'f6\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ec\'dc\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'fc\'f6\'e5\'f5\'ea\'f4
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'e5\'f1\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'f9\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc
\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f9\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f9\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed
\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f9\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'de\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'df\'eb\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f1\'f7\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'e7\'e8\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'e8\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0
\'ef\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e8\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f6\'f1
\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'b8\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e5\'f5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ed\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e3\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d5\'f0\'ef\'f4\'df
\'e8\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f9\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e9\'fe\'e8\'e5
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'e8\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'f9\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ec\'dc\'f4\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'d0\'ef\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'e3\'e7\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f4\'df\'ec\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dc\'e4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'e8\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed
\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'df\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'fc\'e2\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e1\'f0\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e9\'f7\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e9\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f8\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e1\'e3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'eb\'fd\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f6\'e1\'f3\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'e9
\'f1\'e1\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\loch\f53 ,\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5
\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ea\'dd\'e9\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e1\'ec\'dc\'f3\'ea\'e7\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . (\'b9\'ee\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f7\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ea\'f1
\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e8\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dd\'e9\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e1\'ec\'dc\'f3\'ea\'e7\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'eb\'e5
\'e3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ,\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'e7\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'f3\'f6\'e5\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 !) \'d3\'f5\'f7\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'eb\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef
\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e1\'f0\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'e8\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ec\'e5\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'e5\'ec\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'f7\'f4\'dc\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dd\'e9\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e1\'ec\'dc\'f3
\'ea\'e7\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'e4\'e9\'e1\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e2\'de\'f3\'e5
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e5\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f7\'dc
\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'f4\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'eb\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'eb\'e1\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'f5\'f1\'e1\'ed\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dd\'e9\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e1\'ec\'dc\'f3\'ea\'e7\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'dd\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e8\'e1\'f1\'f7\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'e8\'fc\'f1\'ec\'e7\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4
\'fd\'f7\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'df\'eb\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f1\'f7\'dd\'f2\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e4
\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'f3\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'e2\'eb\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f4
\'fd\'f0\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'f5\'f3\'f4\'f5\'f7\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f7\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'e1\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'ec\'e9\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f4\'fd\'f0\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'ef\'f6\'e5\'f1
\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'ef\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'df\'eb\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 
\'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed
\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'fd
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9
\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'fe
\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'e5\'f1\'e3\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'f1\'df\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5
\'f0\'e1\'e3\'ef\'f1\'e5\'fd\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'df\'eb\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'df\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'df\'eb\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1
\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'f3\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e5\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'f0\'e9\'f0\'eb\'dd\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f4\'e9\'ec\'ef
\'fd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'f5\'f4\'df\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6
\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ee\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'de\'f2
\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'e8\'e5\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'f4\'de\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'fe\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5
\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'df\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'eb\'dd\'e2\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'e8\'e5\'eb\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'f1\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'eb\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fc\'e2\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'f4\'f5\'ed\'ef\'ec\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . (\'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ). \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'e1\'f6\'f1\'dc\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e5\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ec\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'eb\'e7\'f1\'fe\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'de\'eb\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'f1\'fd\'f8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9
\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'f1\'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f6\'e1\'f3\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e1\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'e1\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e4\'e9\'dc\'e8\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea
\'f1\'e1\'f4\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 .\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f6\'e5\'f1\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e6\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f4\'e5\'eb\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'f0\'f4\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'fd\'f4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e4\'e9\'dc\'e8\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'fd\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'ef\'f0\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e5\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ec
\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'eb\'dd\'e2\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fc\'e2\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'f4\'f5\'ed\'ef\'ec\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'ec\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e9
\'fe\'e8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'ef\'f0\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f0\'e5\'f1\'ed\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'ea\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f9\'f3
\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e8\'e1\'f1\'f7\'e9\'ea\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'fc\'ed\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df
\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'fd\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f6\'f4\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'eb\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ed\'f3\'e1\'f1\'ea
\'fe\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'df\'eb\'e1\'f2\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'f4\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53  
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'dc\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'fc
\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'d0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'df\'eb\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'f5\'f1\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'c1\'f1\'f7\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ed\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 . \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'b8\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'e3\'f7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f4\'fd\'f0\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e9\'e3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ed\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'f5\'f3\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'df\'eb\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'ed\'ef\'ef\'fd\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'f4\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f4\'fd\'f0\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'df\'eb\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'e4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'f1\'dc\'f3\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd
\'f4\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f1\'f7\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c8\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'f4\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'f4\'ef\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f1\'f7\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'f4\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f7\'ef\'eb\'e9\'dc\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe
\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ed\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f4\'fd\'f0\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e5\'e9\'ec\'e5\'ed
\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'dd\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f0\'ef\'f8\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f1\'f7\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dc\'f0\'f4\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'e2\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'eb\'e5\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'f9\'f4\'fc\'f4\'f5
\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'df\'e4\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'ef\'f4\'fe\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'f0\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'ef\'f4\'fe\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
, \'e1\'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dc\'f0\'f4\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'ed\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1
\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'de\'ed\'f5\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e4\'df\'e4\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f7\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea
\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f0\'df\'e5\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f9\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dc\'e2\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e2\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc
\'eb\'f5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f3\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dc\'ec\'e5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'ec\'e5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'f3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'dd\'f7\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'de
\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e9\'ed\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef
\'f7\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'ea\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'e9\'f4\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'ec\'dd\'f4\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ): \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9
\'eb\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'e4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'e9\'f4\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'e7\'f1\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f3\'dc\'f1\'ea\'f9\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1
\'ea\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'e8\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e5\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 
\'c1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f4\'e7\'f1\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'e1\'eb\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e9\'fe\'e8\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'f4\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df
\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'f5\'f6\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  - \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e5\'e9\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dc\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f4\'fd\'f0\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e1\'f0\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f4\'fd\'f0\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'e3\'e1\'f0\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'dd\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\'ed\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef
\'f4\'dd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'ef\'fd
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'b8\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ed\'e7\'e8\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'e5\'f5\'e3\'e1\'f1\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e5\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ea\'ef\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e9\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'e6\'f5\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ea\'dd\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'f5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f5\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'ea\'ef\'eb\'e1\'f4\'dc\'ea\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'f9\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , "\'ca\'e1\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'e3\'e1\'f0\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'dd\'f1\'ed\'e5
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'fd\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ea\'dd\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'f5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'fd\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f5\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'ea\'ef\'eb\'e1\'f4\'dc\'ea\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ;" \'d4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'eb\'e5\'e3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , "\'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'c2\'e5\'e2\'e1\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e1\'f0\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f0
\'f1\'e5\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 !". \'d0\'f1\'fc\'ea\'e5\'e9\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ea\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'e5\'df
\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\'f4\'ef\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'e8\'dd\'f4\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'dd\'f6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c8\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f0\'f1\'e5\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'ea\'dc\'e8\'e1\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'df\'f1\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'dd\'f4\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f4\'e7\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'ed\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5
\'fd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9
\'ed\'f9\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e1\'e3\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'f1\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'ea\'eb\'de\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ea\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e8\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f9\'ec\'dc\'f4\'e9\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ea\'f0\'dd\'ec\'f0\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0
\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f1\'e1\'df\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f0\'fc\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f1\'f7\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'df\'f1\'ed\'e5
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fc\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 
\'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'eb\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'eb\'e5\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'ea\'e5\'e9\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f7\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'eb\'dd\'e2\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'dc\'ec\'f8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'e7\'e4\'e5\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f1\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f0\'dc\'e3\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f0\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'e9\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\'eb\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'e8\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'f9\'e9\'f3
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f7\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'df\'f1\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fc\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4
\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'ed\'e1\'e9\'ef\'e4\'f9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'e4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'dc\'eb\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'ea\'e5
\'e9\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'ed\'e1\'e9\'fc\'e4\'f9\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'ef\'fd\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'e8\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3
\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 .\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e5\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5
\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'ed\'f4\'e1\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'fe\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f1\'f7\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'f1\'e5\'f0\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5
\'ee\'ef\'f5\'e1\'eb\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'fd\'f4\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e5\'f5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ed\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'df\'f3\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f1\'f7\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'f1\'e5\'f0\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'ee\'ef\'f5\'e1\'eb\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e2\'e9\'e1\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'e3\'f9\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e4\'f5\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'e8\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'f0\'f4\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'e1\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'e3\'f9\'e3\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ea\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'ef\'f1\'e3\'dc\'ed\'f9\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'ef\'f7\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef
\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f3\'ea\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
, \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f5\'f7\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'de\'eb\'e9\'ea\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ed\'dc\'ed
\'f4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ef\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e7\'e4\'e5\'ec\'fc\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'f0\'f4\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'ea\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'dc
\'ed\'f4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'ee\'ef\'f5\'e1\'eb\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f6\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\'ea\'e9\'e1\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f4\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f3\'ea\'e5\'ec\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
. \'c8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f3\'e7\'ec\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'dc\'ec\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df
\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ec\'e2\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f5\'f3\'f4\'de\'f1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e6\'fd\'e3\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4
\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'df
\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'ef\'e3\'e1\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f7\'f1
\'e5\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'f5\'e3\'e1\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'f1\'e5\'f0\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'ee\'ef\'f5\'e1\'eb\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef
\'f7\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'f1\'e5\'f0\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'ee\'ef\'f5\'e1\'eb\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f3\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f3\'e1\'ed\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f4\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'f0
\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'fd\'f0\'e1\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'e3\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'ed\'f4\'f1
\'e5\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'e5\'ea\'f4
\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'ee\'ef\'f5\'e1\'eb\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f6\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'fc\'f6\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'e4\'fe\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'e1\'e8\'e7\'f4
\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3
\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'e3\'f7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e3\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4
\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'dd\'f3\'ec\'e5\'f5\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'df\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'ee\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\'e5\'f5\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e3\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'e4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f5\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'e3
\'ea\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'e1\'e3\'de\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'f4\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f1\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'e5\'f5\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'e5\'f5\'e4
\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'e8\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'f3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fc\'e2\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'dd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df
\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb
\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dc\'f8\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\'e3\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'f6\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'de\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'e2\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e5\'e9\'eb\'e9\'ea\'f1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e5\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb
\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f7\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'e5\'f5\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dc\'f4\'f5\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 ) \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'eb\'e9\'ea\'f1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb
\'de\'f3\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f6\'dc\'eb\'e1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef
\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1
\'f1\'f7\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'f9\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\'f1\'ea\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'e7\'e3\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fe\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'e2
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'ec\'e7\'ed\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'fe\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'ec\'e7\'ed\'e5\'fd\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'de\'f1\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'ea\'ef\'fc\'eb\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ed\'fe
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'ec\'e7\'ed\'e5\'fd\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\'f3\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0
\'e9\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'e8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'e5\'fd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e8\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5
\'f1\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'dd\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'ec\'e7\'ed
\'e5\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'de\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ec\'f1\'df\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f3\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ): \'e5\'e3\'f1\'de\'e3\'ef\'f1\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'de\'f1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e7\'f1\'e5\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'f1\'de\'e3\'ef\'f1\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 ,\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd
\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'eb\'e9\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4
\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f7\'f5\'f1\'e9\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'f1\'de\'e3\'ef\'f1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f6\'f1\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'ea\'ef\'fc\'eb\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'ec\'e7\'ed\'e5\'fd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'ec\'f0\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f1\'f7\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f0\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f4\'f1\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e2\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'de\'f1\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'df\'f4\'e7\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f0
\'f4\'fe\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0
\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f1\'f7\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ed\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e1\'f3\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'f1\'ef\'e3\'f9\'ed\'e9\'e1\'df\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'e8\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'e5\'f1\'e8\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'dc\'eb\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'f0\'df\'ea\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ec\'e2\'dc\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'f3\'df\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'f0\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'dc\'f4\'f4\'e2\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ec\'e2\'dc\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'f3\'df\'eb\'e1
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'f0\'df\'ea\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ec\'e2\'dc\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'f3\'df\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (
\'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'cc\'f0\'df\'ea\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ec\'e2\'dc\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'f3\'df\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e1\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'ed\'de\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef
\'f5\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e5\'e9\'f1\'ef\'f4\'ef\'ed\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e2\'df\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'ed\'dc\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ea\'f1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'de\'f1\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f3\'e9\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f4\'e5\'f5\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'cd\'e9\'f1\'e2\'dc\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'e9\'f1\'e2\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f4\'e5\'f5\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
, \'e1\'f6\'e9\'e5\'f1\'fe\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'e5\'e3\'e3\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'e2\'df\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e4\'e9\'e1\'e3\'f1\'dc\'f6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e1\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'ed\'de\'ed\'f4
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'f5\'f3\'f4\'f5\'f7\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e1\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'ed\'de
\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'df\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'eb\'e7\'f0\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dc\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'fd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'f0\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'dc\'f4\'f4\'e2\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ec\'e2\'dc\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'f3\'df\'eb\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'de\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'dc\'f4\'f4\'e2\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0
\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'e9\'e5\'f1\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'f0\'df\'f4\'e5\'f5\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'fc\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'e9\'e5\'f1\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f4\'e5\'f5\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f3\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e5\'ea\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'e7\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 ", \'f0\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'e9\'fe\'e8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ef\'df\'ea\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'f3\'dc\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f3\'f4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f5\'f1\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'e7\'e8\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\'b7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'ef\'e4\'ef\'ee\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef
\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'fe\'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53  
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'e9\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f5\'f4
\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e2\'df\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1
\'ef\'e4\'e9\'e1\'e3\'f1\'dc\'f6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'de\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f1\'f7\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'f0\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'dc\'f4\'f4\'e2\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'eb\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'ea\'e5\'e9\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\'f3\'f3\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3
\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'ed\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'fd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'e4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'f0\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'dc\'f4\'f4\'e2\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea
\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'e5\'fd\'e8\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'e5\'e3\'e3\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f1\'f7\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'f0\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'dc\'f4\'f4\'e2\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f1\'f7\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'dd\'e3\'e3\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e6\'f9\'ed\'f4\'e1\'ed\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'fd\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'ea\'dd\'f1\'e1\'e9\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4
\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f6\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'f4\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef
\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'dd\'f1\'e1\'e9\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 , \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'ea\'dd\'f1\'e1\'e9\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'ec\'e5\'f4\'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4
\'ef\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e2\'ef\'eb\'e9\'ea
\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'f7\'e1\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f5\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e2\'ef\'eb\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'f7\'ef\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f7\'e5\'e4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc
\'ee\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f4\'e5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5
\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'e3\'ef\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e2\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fe\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'cc\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1
\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'de\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'df\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'f3\'ec\'e5\'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'eb\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'de\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'dd
\'f1\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e8\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'e1\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'fc\'ec\'f0\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'dc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'fc\'ec\'f0\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'e1\'ed\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\'ea\'e9\'e1\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'eb\'e5\'df\'f0\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'eb\'e5\'df
\'f0\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ,\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed
\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'e7\'e3\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'df\'ed\'e7\'f4\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'ed\'e1\'e9\'ef\'e4\'f9\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\'f3\'fd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc
\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'dd\'f1\'e1\'e9\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd
\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'ed\'e1\'e9\'fc\'e4\'f9\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\'f3\'f5\'ed\'dc\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f5\'f7\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'ea\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc
\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e3\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f0\'e1\'f1
\'e1\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'e5\'eb\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'dd\'f1\'e1\'e9\'e7\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'de\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef
\'ea\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f9\'f4
\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'fd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'eb\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e2\'dc\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f6\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'eb\'e5\'df\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f0\'ef\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f3\'e1\'f1\'ea\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e9\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e1\'f1\'f7\'e5\'f4\'f5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e3\'fc
\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ec\'ef\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'c1\'ed\'e5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ec\'ef\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'ef\'eb\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'dd\'f1\'e1\'e9\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f8\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f0\'f4\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'e3\'e5\'f5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'dd\'f1\'e1\'e9\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e5\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f1\'f1\'ef
\'f6\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'dd
\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 ,\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e8\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'e1\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'de\'f1\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e9\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fe\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'ec\'e5\'f4\'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f6\'de\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ee\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f3\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'ea\'dd\'f1\'e1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f6\'e9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 -\'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e1\'eb\'de\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e9\'fe\'e8\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4
\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e5\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb
\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'ef\'e4\'ef\'ee\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f8\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'ef\'ec\'ef\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9
\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'ef\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f7\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'e5\'f6\'dc\'eb\'e1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53  5
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ec\'f6\'e9\'f3\'e2\'e7\'f4\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e3\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8
\'f5\'f7\'ef\'eb\'fc\'e3\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'dc\'e4\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cb\'dd\'e3\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'fe\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1
\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\'e9\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'fe
\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ea\'df\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'dc\'e4\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9
\'ec\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'ec\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f1\'ef\'f0\'ef\'eb\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f1\'ea\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'f5\'f7\'dc\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'eb\'e9\'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e3\'e5\'fd\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'e3\'ea\'dc\'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e9\'fe\'e8\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'e5\'ec\'e2\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9
\'e3\'ec\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f1\'ef\'f0\'ef\'eb\'de
\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f3\'e5\'e2\'ef
\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'e8\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f1\'e5\'f5\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f1\'e5\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec
\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e9\'e1\'f1\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e4\'e9\'e1
\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f4\'ef\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1
\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'ef\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'f4\'e9\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'f5\'e1\'f1\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e9\'e1\'f1\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'f5\'ed\'e7\'f1\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f6\'fd\'e3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\'eb\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'ec\'e9\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 .\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f1\'ef\'f0\'fc\'eb\'e7\'ec\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f6\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
. \'c5\'e4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'fe\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e6\'dd\'f1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\'f7
\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'dd\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f4\'f5\'f7\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'ec\'e5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' 
\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'ec\'f6\'e9\'f3\'e2\'de\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f1\'ef\'f0\'ef\'eb\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f5\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f7\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f0\'f1\'e5\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f1
\'ef\'f0\'fc\'eb\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'de\'ea\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e7\'e3\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'e1\'f1\'e1\'e3\'f9\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e9\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f1\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'de\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'fd\'f1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\'e1\'f4\'f1\'dd\'f7\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f5\'eb\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f1\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'f7\'ed\'fe\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'ef\'f3\'ef\'f6\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc
\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0
\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e5\'eb\'e8\'fc\'ed\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'de\'ea\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'ea\'e1\'f4\'e7\'e3\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f1\'ef\'f0\'fc\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'df\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f1\'f7\'e1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'eb\'eb\'dc\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'d0\'eb\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'df\'e3\'ef\'f5\'f1
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e1\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e6\'e7\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'e5\'f3\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e1\'f4\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'dc\'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'ef\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f4\'e5\'ed\'de\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'eb\'ef\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'e4\'e5\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f0\'f4\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'e1\'ec\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e4\'f1\'e1\'e9\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'e9\'ef\'f3\'fd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'e7\'e3\'e1\'df\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1
\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'dc\'ec\'e1
\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'ea\'dc\'eb\'f5\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'f9\'dc\'ed\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e1\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'e3\'df\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'ed\'dd\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'dd\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'e5\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e1\'eb\'de\'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'df\'f7\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df
\'e1\'f3\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'fd\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f1\'e9\'f4\'dc\'f1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'dd
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'e5\'f4\'f5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fd
\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ea\'e9\'ed\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f0\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  More, \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'cd\'dd\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f4\'eb\'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  Bacon, \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'fc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c7\'eb
\'df\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  Campanella, \'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'eb\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ., \'ec\'dd\'f7\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'e5\'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  H. G. Wells. \'bc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df
\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'dc\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'e9\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
. 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'dc\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5
\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea
\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'dd\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ef\'f5\'ea\'e1\'e2\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'c1\'e3\'ed\'de
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'fe\'f1\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ec\'e9\'f4\'dc\'ec\'f0\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'a2\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'f9\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e3\'f1\'dc\'f6\'e5\'f4
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ef\'fd\'f4\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'cc\'e1\'f7\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'e3\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fe\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'f4\'f5\'f7\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ef\'f5\'ea\'e1\'e2\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e9\'e4\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'dc\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'ef\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f0\'f9\'ed\'dd\'e6\'e9\'ea\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 - \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0
\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'f5\'f3\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f6\'f4\'fe\'f7\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f7\'f9\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'dd\'ed\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fe\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f5\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 .\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'f1\'dc\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f1\'f1\'fe\'f3\'f4\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dc\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'eb\'f5\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'f1\'e7\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'eb\'dd\'ec\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'f7\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e5\'ee\'e7\'e3\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ec\'ef\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ! \'c5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ef\'fd\'f4\'f1\'e5
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e1\'f7\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e7\'f1\'ef\'f6\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'e3\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'f4\'f5\'f7\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'fe\'f1\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ea\'f1\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f3\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e7\'eb\'f5\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e5\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f1\'e4\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1
\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d6\'e1\'e3\'e7\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'ef\'f5\'f7\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'e1\'ed\'df\'e6
\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e5\'e9\'dc\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'e3\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc
\'e8\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'f5\'f3\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e1\'e2\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'eb\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'f9\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ea
\'ef\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'e9\'eb\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'f4\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f6\'f4\'e1\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f1\'e1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e9\'e4\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'a2\'e3\'e3\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'e3\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f4\'df\'e8\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4
\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5
\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'bc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'df\'ed
\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'ef\'eb\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f5\'e8\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f1\'e5\'fd\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f1\'e5\'fd\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dc\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'f9\'f4\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1
\'ea\'f1\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f6\'f5\'c0\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'e5\'e1\'eb\'e9
\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f1\'e5\'fd\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'ec\'e9\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9
\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'e4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'fd\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed
\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'fe\'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'ec\'f0\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'de\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf
\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e7\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f1\'e1\'f3
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'e1
\'ed\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9
\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ed\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4
\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc
\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'dd\'f7\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f7\'f9\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f4\'ef\'ec
\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'de\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef
\'f5\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'eb\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'de
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e5\'eb\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e9
\'ec\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'dd\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e9\'ea
\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef
\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'fc\'f3\'f0\'e1\'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4
\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f3\'ea\'ef\'f0\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'ec\'e9\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'ec\'e9\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'f5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb
\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4
\'e9\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53  
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'ed\'e4\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'e9\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : "\'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f5\'e6\'df\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f9\'f1\'df\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'eb\'eb\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f3\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'e3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f0\'ed\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " (\'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e3\'e5\'e9
\'f1\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'ed\'e4\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f9\'f1\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'f1\'f9\'e8
\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ). \'d0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'ec\'ef\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e5\'f6\'e8\'e1\'f1\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'de\'e8\'e9\'ea\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9
\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f4\'e7\'f1\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
, \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5
\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'e2\'dc\'eb\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f1\'e1\'df
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'f9\'f4\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'eb\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'f9\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'eb\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'fe\'ec\'e9\'ea\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 !
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'eb\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df
\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f3\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1
\'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\'ea\'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e8\'dd\'f4\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f0
\'f4\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc
\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'e1\'f1\'ec\'ef\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5
\'f1\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e1\'df\'f3\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'e1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ed\'e4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6
\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dd\'f1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'ee\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f3\'f4\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de
\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'df\'e1\'f1\'f7\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'ed\'e4\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e5\'df\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f6\'df\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f7\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1
\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'f3\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4
\'dc\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'e3\'f9\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e1\'f7\'ec\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2
\'f1\'e1\'f7\'ec\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9
\'ed\'fc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc
\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'dc\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'de\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'fd\'f3\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f3\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f7\'f5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'c9\'ed\'e4\'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e9\'e4\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f9\'f1\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd
\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ed\'e5\'ea\'f1\'fe\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'f9\'f4\'ef\'e2\'ef\'f5\'eb\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'de\'eb\'f9\'f3\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'ea\'dc\'e8\'e1\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'de\'f1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8
\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0
\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'e3\'f9\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ee\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'f9\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 . 

\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'ec\'ef\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'df
\'e2\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'e9\'e6\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'eb\'e5\'e3\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'f4\'e1\'f1\'ec\'e1\'f1\'dc\'f4\'e6\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'e9\'e5
\'f1\'f9\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ea\'e5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'fd\'f4\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cd\'f4\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8
\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f1\'e5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d1\'dc\'f4\'e6\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\'ed\'e5
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f3\'e9\'eb\'e9\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'e2\'dd\'f1\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'f4\'e1\'f1\'ec\'e1\'f1\'dc\'f4\'e6\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'e2\'dd\'f1\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dd\'f0\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1
\'e5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e2
\'eb\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ee\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef
\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'e8\'dd\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'dd\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'e4\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e5\'ed\'dd\'ee\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'dc\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5
\'ec\'f6\'e5\'f1\'fc\'ed\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'f4\'f1\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'fd\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'de\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e4\'fc\'eb\'e9\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'f7\'e1\'ed\'ef\'f1\'f1\'e1\'f6\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dd\'f0\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ee\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f6\'e1\'f1\'ec\'fc\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'ed\'e4\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f8\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f3\'dc\'f1\'ea\'f9\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'ea\'f1\'dc\'f4\'ef\'f1\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f3\'fc\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b9\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'e3\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'e2\'e5\'f1\'ed\'de\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e1\'ef\'f5\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e6\'e7\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f4\'dd\'f1\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'ef\'e4\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f3\'df\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e1\'e3\'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e5\'fd\'f1\'f5\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f1\'f1\'ef\'f6\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'e4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'dc\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'ed\'e4\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5
\'e9\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f7\'e5\'e9\'f1\'de\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'ea\'e1\'e8\'dc\'f1\'e9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dd\'f4\'e5\'e9\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc
\'e1\'e3\'ea\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ed\'de\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'ed\'e4\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'e1\'ea\'e9\'f3\'f4\'dc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e1\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dd\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f3\'fc\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4
\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e1\'eb\'df\'ed\'e3\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\'eb\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'f4
\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf
\'f1\'df\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'df\'e8\'e9\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f0\'e9\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , "\'e5\'ea\'e1\'f4\'fc\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'ed\'de\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e9\'eb\'e9\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f7\'ec\'e1\'eb\'f9\'f4\'df\'f3\'f4\'e7\'ea\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ea
\'e1\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e9\'eb\'e9\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f6\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\'f3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e2\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\'f9\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 ".
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'fd
\'f1\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f3\'fc\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f3\'f4
\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'dd\'f6\'e5\'f1\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'eb\'e5\'ec\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6
\'e9\'eb\'ef\'e4\'ef\'ee\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'dd\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ea\'f4\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : "\'b8\'ed\'e9\'f9\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'fd\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'eb\'df\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\'ed\'e9\'f9\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f1\'e9\'f7\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1
\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e1\'ed
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e5\'eb\'e8\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'e1\'e9\'f4\'ef\'fd
\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f6\'e1\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'dc\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ... \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e5\'df\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'eb\'fd\'f4\'f9\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'f1
\'ef\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\'f9\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'eb\'df\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ea\'ef
\'f5\'f7\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dd\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'df\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef
\'f6\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'e3\'e5\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f1\'e5\'f6\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'dd\'f1\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'e9\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'f0\'e9\'e8\'e1\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc
\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dd\'ea\'ef\'f8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'e9\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'de\'e8\'e9\'ea\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4
\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f3\'fc\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'e9\'f4\'de\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f4\'dd\'f1\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'ef\'e4\'ef\'ee
\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\'ee\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\'f4
\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'f3\'e1
\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f3\'fc\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'c1\'f3\'fc\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'f1\'ef\'ec\'e5\'f1\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ), \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'fc
\'ec\'e1\'e6\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'e7\'eb\'f5\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'e3\'e9\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'f4\'e1\'f1\'ec\'e1\'f3\'fc\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'c1\'f3\'fc\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ed\'dc\'f1\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f4\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e2\'eb\'e5\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f3\'fc\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f8\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e7\'f1\'e5\'f4\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'dd\'f4\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'e3\'ea\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0
\'df\'ea\'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f3\'f4\'de\'f1\'e9\'ee
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dd\'eb\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e5\'f1\'e1\'f0\'fc\'f3\'f4\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f7
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'c9\'ed\'e4\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'dc\'ed\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'e5\'ee\'dc\'ed\'e4\'f1\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'e1\'eb\'e1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'df\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'eb\'eb\'dc\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'f5\'f3\'f4\'f5\'f7\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'e3\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e9\'e8\'dd\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'e2\'e5\'f1\'ed\'de\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'fd\'e8\'e7\'f3
\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f3\'fc\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f0\'e9\'e8\'e1\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ed\'e4\'e9\'ea\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e7\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'f0\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f6\'e1\'f1\'ec\'ef\'e3
\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6
\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ee\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'f0\'e1\'e9\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd
\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e2\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 o \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e9\'ed\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'ea\'fe\'ec\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'d7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'e6\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'f5\'dd\'eb\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f3\'fc\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'c9\'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'e1\'f3\'ea\'fc\'f0\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . "\'c1\'ed\'dc\'ec\'e5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ea\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e9\'eb\'e9\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ec\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'eb\'df\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'e3\'f1\'dc\'f6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'f5\'dd
\'eb\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , "\'e1\'ed\'dc\'ec\'e5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e5\'e3\'e1\'eb\'e5\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'dc\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c3\'e1\'eb\'e7\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'e1\'f3\'e9\'eb\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d5\'f8\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'e9\'e1\'fd\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f3\'fc\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dc\'ec\'f0\'e5
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dc\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'e4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 ".
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f0\'ef\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'eb\'eb\'ef
\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\'ea\'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5
\'e4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'dc\'f3\'ea\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1
\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'fc\'f1\'f6\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f5\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\'ea\'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'eb\'eb
\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2}{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 .
\par 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'ed\'dc\'f4
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'e4\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'eb\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f3\'e9
\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\'ea\'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\'ea\'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e7\'e3\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'c4\'e5\'e4\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'ec\'f0\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc
\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'eb\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e7\'e3\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'f4\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\'ea\'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec
\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'c3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed
\'f9\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'dc\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'c3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d5\'f0\'e7\'ea\'ef\'fc
\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'e9\'e1\'f7\'e5\'df\'f1\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f0\'ef\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'eb\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 ;
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ed\'e4\'e9\'ea
\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'ec\'e5\'f1\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd
\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'f3\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'ef\'f1\'e3\'dc\'ed\'f9\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'e5\'f5\'f4\'f5\'f7\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 !) \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'de\'f1\'f7\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb
\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'e9\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e8
\'e5\'fe\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f3\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4
\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'de\'f1\'f5\'ee\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'f4\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\'e9\'ef\'f7\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f1\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'f3\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'ec\'e5\'f4\'e5\'df\'f7\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'f0\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'eb\'ef\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'e7\'f4\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'e9\'e1
\'ea\'f5\'e2\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'e9\'e1\'f7\'e5\'df\'f1\'e9
\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d5\'f0\'e7\'ea\'ef\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f0\'e5\'f6\'f4
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f7\'f1\'e5\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e5\'fd\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'df\'f9\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'de\'f6\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'ee\'e5\'f1\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e1\'f1\'fe\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f3\'e9\'eb\'e9\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\'f0\'f1\'e5\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e3\'dc\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea
\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'e1\'ec\'f6\'e9\'f3\'e2\'de\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'dc\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'ef\'eb\'ec\'de\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\'e8\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'dc\'ed\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\'ea\'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'e9
\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'eb\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'f0\'e9\'f0\'eb\'dd\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'dd\'eb\'e1\'e2\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'fc\'f3\'f9\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\'ea\'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'dd
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f1\'ea\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'f1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'f0\'e9\'f7\'e5\'e9\'f1\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\'ea\'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'e1
\'f0\'f4\'fd\'f3\'f3\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'e1\'e3\'e4\'e1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dd\'f0\'e5\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'fa\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e8\'e7\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53  
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f7
\'e5\'e9\'f1\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f6\'f4\'e1\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd
\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'e1\'e2\'f5\'eb\'fe\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f6\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'ef\'de\'f3\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fd\'f1\'e9\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\'f5
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'dc\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de\'f1\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e5\'f1\'e5\'f5\'ed\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'f0\'f4\'ef\'ec\'dd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee
\'e5\'f7\'ed\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\'ea\'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'eb\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'ef\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\'ea\'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'e9\'ea\'de
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'ef\'eb\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'ec\'e9\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e5\'f5\'ea\'ef\'eb\'fd\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e3\'ea\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'f7\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'e3\'ea\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'fd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f6\'e1\'f3\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'fc\'f6\'e5\'f5\'ea\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'de\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'bc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dd\'f6\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4
\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'dd\'eb\'e1\'e2\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'dd\'ed\'e1
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f7\'f1\'e5\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f7\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f7\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'de\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f1
\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'de\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'e3\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9
\'f3\'f7\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'de\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  -\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ,\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'fc\'ec\'e9\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e9
\'eb\'e9\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e1\'f6\'e9\'e5\'f1\'fe\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 ,\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'f4\'e7
\'f1\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'e6
\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'e5\'fd\'e8\'e5\'f1\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f1\'ea
\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'ef\'f7\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'ef\'f7\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'f9\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'fe\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ), \'e5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'de\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ea\'ef\'f0\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e4\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'e8\'e5\'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f1\'f1\'ef\'f6\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'fc\'f6\'e5\'f5\'ea\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f1\'f1\'ef\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ea\'f4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e2\'e4\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e5\'ed\'de\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'e2\'e4\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ea\'ef\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'f1\'e9\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f1\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f0\'eb\'e7\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f6\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'dc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e5\'e9\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e7\'f1\'e5\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'e3\'e1
\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'f4\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'eb\'e9\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec
\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'dc\'e2\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'dc\'e3\'e3\'e5\'eb\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'dc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f6\'e7\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f1\'ec\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dd\'f1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f6\'dd\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4
\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fe\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'dc\'f6\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'df\'f7\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ec\'f0\'ef\'fd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'de\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'dc\'e2\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'e5\'df\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'f1\'ef\'e3\'e3\'f5\'eb\'e5\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'ec\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e8\'eb\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'dc\'ed\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'e4\'e5\'df\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'df\'f7\'ed\'ef
\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e4\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fe\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'f4\'ef\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e4\'f1
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'fd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'f9\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'e2\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'dd\'f3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'df\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd
\'ea\'ef\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'ec\'e1\'f4\'dc\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f6\'df\'f3\'f4\'e1
\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'f6\'e7\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'fc\'f1\'f6\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'f4\'fc\'f1\'e9\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c3\'ea\'f1\'dd\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'f4\'fc\'f1\'e9\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c3\'ea\'f1\'dd\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'f3\'f9\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'e5
\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\'e2\'eb\'e7\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'f3\'f9\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f1\'f4
\'f1\'dd\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\'e6\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f7\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e3\'e9\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed
\'e5\'f1\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f0\'e1\'f5\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'e9\'e3\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'f3\'e9\'e3\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'f1\'f7\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ea\'f1\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'e1\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef
\'f5\'eb\'e5\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc
\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e2\'e4\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'de\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ea\'e1\'e5\'f4\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'fc\'f6\'e5\'f5\'ea\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'e2\'e5\'f1\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'f1\'ef\'ec\'e5\'f1\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f1\'f1\'ef\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'fd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'f3\'f5\'f7\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'fd\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 
\'c1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ec\'dc\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e3\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f7\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e5\'f1\'df\'f3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'fd\'f7\'f4\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f4\'f5\'f0\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'eb\'dd\'f6\'f9\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'e1\'e3\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'de\'f1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ea\'f4\'ef\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e7\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ea\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'f7\'e7\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f5\'f0\'ef\'e8\'dd\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'f1\'e1\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'f4\'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4
\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f6\'e1\'e3\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef
\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f1\'ed\'e7\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e1\'f4\'ef\'ed\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e9\'eb\'e9\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f6\'e1\'e3\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c2\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e1\'f4\'ef\'ed\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e9\'eb\'e9\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e2\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ea\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'e9
\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e1\'f7\'e1\'df\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f8\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'e9\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'dc\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e8\'eb\'df\'f8\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'e4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e1\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'e8\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ea\'ef\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'f1\'e9\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'ec\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'e8\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'f3
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'e2\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'e9\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'f1\'ed\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'ef\'f4\'fe\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e4\'dd\'f1\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e5\'eb\'dc\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'fd\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ea\'ef\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e9\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'ec\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 
\'d3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ea
\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ea\'dc\'e4
\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e9\'eb\'e9\'dc\'e4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'df\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e1\'f4\'ef\'ed\'f4\'dc\'e4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f7\'e9\'eb\'e9\'dc\'e4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'b8\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f5\'f3\'f4\'f1\'e1\'eb\'fc\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f7\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'eb\'dd\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f6\'e1\'e3\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f5\'f3\'f4\'f1\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'e3\'dc\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c2\'f1
\'de\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f8\'e7\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f3\'ef\'f3\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'e2\'e1\'f1\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f1\'e1\'f7\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'ed\'ef\'ec\'df\'e6\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'fd\'f1\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  60%. \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f6\'e1\'e3\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'dd\'f1\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'e9\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'f4\'e5\'f7\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'eb\'dd\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f0\'f4\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f6\'f4
\'e1\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4
\'e9\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f1\'e1\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'e2\'e1\'f1\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'df\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'ec\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ec\'e5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'e3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f6
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\'f3\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'de\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1
\'dd\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e3\'ea\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e3\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc
\'e8\'eb\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'e3\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'f1\'e1\'df\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df
\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'dc\'e2\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f7\'f9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f7\'f9\'f1\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed
\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f6\'e1\'e3\'dd\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1
\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f6\'e5\'f1
\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'f1\'e5\'ec\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3
\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'e3\'f5\'e7\'e8\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f0\'e9\'e8\'e1\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef
\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\'f4
\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e4\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e2\'eb\'e5\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f1\'e9\'f7\'f4
\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'dc\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'fe\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'ef\'f4\'fe
\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'f1
\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1
\'f7\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'dd\'f3\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f7\'f9\'f1\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\'dc
\'ec\'e5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'a2\'e3\'e3\'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6
\'df\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1
\'e1\'f4\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'e5\'f1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'e3\'e3\'dd\'eb\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e9\'f9\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ef\'ed
\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3
\'f5\'e3\'ea\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'e7\'e3\'e1\'df\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'e9\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'e5\'df\'f8\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'e5\'f1\'e4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'dc\'e3\'e3\'e5\'eb\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5
\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'ec\'f0\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'e3\'e9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee
\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'dd\'f7\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'f3\'f6\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'a2\'f4\'ef\'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5
\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4
\'e9\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd\'f7\'e9\'e6\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'e2\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'ed\'f4\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'e8\'dd\'f4\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'eb\'dd\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'e1\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'e4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e1\'f1\'ec\'ef\'ed\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e9\'e3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'dd
\'f2\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'ed\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1
\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ee\'e7\'e3\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed
\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'f1\'ed\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'f7\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9
\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'e9\'e8\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'e3\'e3\'e5\'eb\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'fd\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f1\'f5\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'f1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'ed\'f4\'e1\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'fe\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e5\'df\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f9\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'f1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e9\'eb\'e9\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'e2\'f1\'e1\'dc\'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'df\'ed\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ed\loch\f53 -\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fe\'eb\'e7
\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'fe\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'ef\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f6\'e1\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'f0
\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e5\'df\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'dc\'e3\'e3\'e5\'eb\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f3\'dc\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'e5\'ef\'f0\'fe\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'fd\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'f1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e7\'f4\'e7\'f1\'df\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'de\'f1\'f7\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'fd\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e7\'f4\'de\'f1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'e2\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9
\'f4\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e3\'dd\'ed\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f7\'e8\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'e8\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f6\'ef\'f1\'f4\'f9\'e8\'e5\'df\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'eb\'e7\'f6\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e5\'e9\'e1\'e6\'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'f4\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'e3\'ef\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9
\'ea\'f1\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e7\'f4\'de\'f1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'ea\'e1
\'f4\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'e3\'e7\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f7
\'e8\'f1\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb
\'f5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e5\'f0\'e1\'e3\'e3\'dd
\'eb\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc
\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e5\'ea\'f4\'e1\'e8\'fe\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'ec\'ef\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e9\'f3\'f4\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'e3\'e3\'dd\'eb\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fe\'eb\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\'f1\'ea\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed
\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e2\'eb\'e1\'ea\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'f1\'de\'e3\'ef\'f1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f3
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'e8\'fd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ba\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e4\'e9\'e1
\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e8\'dc\'f1\'f1\'f5\'ed\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'e3\'fc\'f1\'e5\'f5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f5\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'df\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'e5\'ec\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'e5\'ec\'ef\'f6\'ef\'e4\'df\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 
\'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f1\'e4\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f5\'dc\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4
\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\'eb\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'e5\'ec\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'ef\'f4\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'e2\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'de\'ec
\'e1\'e9\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f5\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'ee\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dd\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'f7\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\'ed\'e1\'f4\'e7\'f6\'fc\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0
\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'fc\'ec\'e9\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e9\'eb\'e9\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc
\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f0\'f1\'ef\'ef\'e4\'e5\'fd\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f0\'ef
\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
, \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'ea\'ef\'f4\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'ef\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'fc\'ec\'e2\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e2\'fc\'ec\'e2\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'e4\'f1\'ef\'e3\'fc\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e2\'fc\'ec\'e2\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e2\'e1\'eb\'f4\'df\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'eb\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'fd\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f1\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1
\'f1\'e1\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f7\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\'f1\'e5\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'e7\'e8\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1
\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f5\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'fc\'ec\'ef\'e9\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'ec\'dd\'f4\'ef\'f7\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f5\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'ec\'e5\'ec
\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 
\'d0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'fd\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df
\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e5\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e1\'e9\'f4\'dd\'f1\'f9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'f5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e8\'dc\'f1\'f1\'f5\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'f0\'e1\'e3\'e3\'dd\'eb\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9
\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'ed\'e4\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'ec\'e5\'f1\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'de\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e5\'e9\'f1\'ef\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'f4\'f1\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'e2\'e1\'f3\'ec\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'df\'f1\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'cb\'f5\'f0\'dc\'ec\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef
\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'fe\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f7\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e5\'f1\'e4\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e3\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'df\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e5\'f5\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dc\'f3\'f4\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'eb\'dc\'f4\'e5
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e1\'f1\'fc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e8\'dc\'f1\'f1\'f5\'ed\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e3\'f1\'dc\'f6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e8\'dc\'f1\'f1\'f5\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'dc\'e3\'e3\'e5\'eb\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'dc\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'e8\'e9\'e1\'f3\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'e1\'eb\'e1\'f0\'ef\'fd\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e7\'f3\'df\'e1\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'e7\'f4\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e2\'e5\'e2\'e1\'e9\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'ec\'e5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'e1\'f4\'f1\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'e8\'e1\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'e1\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c3\'e5\'eb\'e1\'f3\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'e5\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ec\'fe\'ec\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'e1\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'eb\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ed\'de\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\'e1\'ed\'f4\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1
\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'dd\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c3\'e5\'eb\'e1\'f3\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'e5\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e5\'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e8\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'df\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'eb\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'e9\'f4\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ea\'f1\'df\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'e7\'f3\'f4\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'df\'f3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'dc\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'ed\'dd\'f4\'e5\'e9\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'e7\'f3\'f4\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'f3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'dc\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'ee\'e1\'e8\'eb\'e9\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'e8\'eb\'df\'f9\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'ec\'e9\'ea\'dd
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'f5\'ed\'e7\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'e1\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1
\'f6\'e5\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'ec\'df\'e6\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f7\'fd\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e1\'f1\'f7\'e1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'eb\'e7\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e1\'e3\'f9\'e4\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e1\'f1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'df\'e3\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f7\'fd\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'e1\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e6\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'e1\'eb\'e1\'f0\'ef\'fd\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f3\'ef\'f3\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'e3\'f7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'dc\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e9\'ed\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'e3\'f1\'dc\'f6\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'eb\'e5\'fc\'f1
\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'e8\'eb\'e9\'fe\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'e1\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'e4\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e3\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'f0\'fe\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f7\'de\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\'f0\'eb\'ef\'ea\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ,\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e9\'fe\'e8\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'fc\'f4\'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\'e8\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3
\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'e3\'ea\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e8\'e5\'fe\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'ed\'e1\'e4\'e9\'dc\'f1\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f3\'f5\'e3\'f7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'ed\'e5\'ee\'e5\'f4\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e1\'df\'f3\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f0\'e1\'e3\'e3\'dd\'eb\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'e5\'e9\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'e9\'dc\'f1\'ea\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c5\'f0\'dc\'e3\'e3\'e5\'eb\'ec\'e1
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'e3\'e3\'dd\'eb\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f9\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e7\'e3\'ef\'f1\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'fe
\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'ea\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f3\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e8\'de\'ea\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f6\'e1\'e3\'e5
\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'e3\'e3\'dd
\'eb\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'ea\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e7\'e3\'ef\'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'dc\'eb
\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'fd\'ee\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'e7\'f3\'f4\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3
\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'e3\'e3\'dd\'eb\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'e7\'ec\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\'f1\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'e3\'f9\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e1\'e8\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'f5\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f0\'f4\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'e3\'ea\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'e5\'df\'e8\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'e3\'e3\'dd\'eb\'ec\'e1\'f4
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 
\'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'e5
\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\'f1\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'df\'f4\'e7\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e1\'e8\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f9\'ec\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'ec\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f3
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'dd\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'df\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'e1\'f1
\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'e3\'e3\'dd\'eb\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'e9\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e2\'ef\'eb\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'f4\'ef\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef
\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ea\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e9\'e4\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e2
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb
\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'e9\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef
\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'df\'f3\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ec\'dc\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e9\'e3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'f1\'e5\'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - 
\'dd\'f3\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'f3\'ea\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'dc\'e3\'e3\'e5\'eb\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'e2\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cb\'e5\'e9\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f1\'e3\'e7\'ec\'e1
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e9\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f1\'e3\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'e1\'ed\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c8\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e9\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f1\'e3\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'dc\'e3\'e3\'e5\'eb\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dc\'ec\'e5\'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f7\'f9\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4
\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'dc\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e1\'f4\'f1\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'dc\'e3\'e3\'e5\'eb\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'dc\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f3\'ef\'ea\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e8\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'eb\'fd\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1
\'fe\'f0\'e9\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ec\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'dd\'f3
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e7\'e3\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'dc\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f7\'ed\'e5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'ec\'e9\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'f7\'ef\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'e1\'e6\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'e2\'e1\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e4\'e7\'ec\'e9\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'fd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f6\'e5\'fd\'e3\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e9\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f1\'e3\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'bc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'ea\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e9\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f1\'e3\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'e9\'f7\'ed\'e9\'e4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f1\'dd\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f1\'f1\'ef\'f6\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'eb\'eb\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'f9\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f7\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'dc\'e4\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'dc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'e1\'df\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c4\'e9\'dc\'f1\'ea\'e5\'e9\'e1
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'b9\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed
\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'ed\'dc\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'e2\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'dc
\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'ca\'e1
\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'fe\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'ea\'dc\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , "\'f0\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f6\'e9\'e5\'f1\'fe\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e3
\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , "\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e9\'e3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'d3\'fc\'ea\'e1\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3
\'f7\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'eb\'e9\'ea\'e9\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'df\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f3\'f4\'fc\'ec\'e9\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f5\'e2\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4
\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f1\'ea\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'e9\'eb\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'ef\'ed\'e4\'df\'ed\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ef\'ec\'e9\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'f3\'dc\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , "\'f0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f0\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'ec\'ef\'f3\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ed\'fe\'f0\'e9\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'e1\'f1\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'e9\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'ec
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\'eb\'e7\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f3\'ef\'ec\'dd\'f1\'e7\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
!" \'bc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ee\'ef\'e4\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e9\'e3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e3\'dc\'e6\'ef
\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'e5\'f5\'e8\'fd\'ed\'ef\'ec\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'df\'f9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fd\'f8\'e5\'e9
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'dd\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'f6\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\'f3\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e5\'e3\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e8\'fe\'f1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'eb\'ef\'e3\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'dd\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7
\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'e9\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'ef\'e9\'f7
\'f4\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'dd\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f1\'f1\'ef\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'ea\'e9\'ec\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e2\'e3\'dc\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e5\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'e9\'e5\'f1\'fe\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53  -\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'eb\'dd\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'f4\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb
\'fd\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'e8\'e5\'f1\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'f3\'f7\'fc\'eb\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'f3\'f6\'e1\'eb\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f3\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'e5\'fd\'e8\'e5\'f1\'ef\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f6\'e9\'e5\'f1\'fe\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'f4\'f9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e5\'fd\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'ef\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ee\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'e9\'e5\'f1\'fe\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2
\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f0\'dc\'e3\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'f1\'e9\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'e3\'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e5\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f0\'eb\'de\'ee\'e5
\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'fc\'f8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cc\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'df\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0
\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e2\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f6\'e5\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'c8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'eb\'e5\'e3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e5\'eb\'f0\'df\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f6
\'e5\'fd\'e3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e5\'e9\'e1\'e6\'fc
\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f7\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'f3\'f7\'fc\'eb\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'f5\'f4
\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'eb\'f0\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'ec\'e9\'ef\'f5\'f1
\'e3\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e7\'e3\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'fc\'ec\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e4\'e9\'dc\'ec\'e5\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'fa\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f1\'f1\'ef\'f6\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53  
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'f3\'dc\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ed\'e8\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'f9\'f4\'fc\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'eb\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'ed
\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f7\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ea\'f1\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e5\'e9\'e1\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'e4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e9\'e5\'ed\'e5\'f1\'e3\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'dd\'f6\'f5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'df\'e3\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e7\'e3\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'fc\'ec\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c5\'f0\'e9\'f3\'de\'ec\'e1\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'ef\'eb\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'f9
\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f5\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\'ea\'ef\'ed
\'ef\'ec\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'eb\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f7\'ed\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'e9
\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'f9\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3
\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'ec\'f0\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'de\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef
\'fd\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0
\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'e3\'ea\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'ec\'e9\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e6\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e2\'e9\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ee\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f5\'f7\'e5\'f1\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ec\'fc\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e4\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ec\'de\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'e9\'ef\'fd
\'f7\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'f1\'dd\'f8\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'ed\'e5\'ed\'f3\'f9\'ec\'e1\'f4\'f9\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f3\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'ef\'fd
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'b9\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'e7\'e3\'e5\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'dc\'ed\'e3\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4
\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'ef\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'dc\'ed
\'e3\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc
\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 ,\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ec\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'eb\'e5\'e3\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'dc\'ed\'e3\'ea
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'ef\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'ea\'f1\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'eb\'df\'ec\'e1\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df
\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'f7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'e4\'ef\'ea\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'ea\'f1\'ef
\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f6\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ed\'ef\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 ,\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e1\'e9\'f4\'dd\'f1\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'eb\'e9\'f7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e9\'ea\'f1\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'dc\'ed\'e3\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'ef\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'ea\'f1
\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dc\'eb\'eb
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'ea\'e5\'e9\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e3\'e1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'e4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ef\'f1\'e3\'e1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'ec
\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f7\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dd\'f3\'ec\'e5\'f5\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'eb\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f3\'e7\'ec\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9
\'f0\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'dd\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'dc\'ec\'e5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0
\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'dc\'ed\'e3\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'ef\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'f1\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ea\'ef\'f5\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ,\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'e8\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'f4
\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'df\'ed\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'e3\'e3\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'e4\'ef\'ea\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f7
\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f4\'e7\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f8\'f5\'f7\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1
\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'eb\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'eb\'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb
\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  - \'df\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0
\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f0\'ef\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e9\'fe\'e8\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'ea\'f1\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'dc\'ed\'e3\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'ef\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'ea\'f1\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'ea\'f1\'ef\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ed\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'df\'f1\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'de\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e1
\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'e5\'f6\'dc\'eb\'e1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53  6
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'e5\'f1\'ed\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\'f3\'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4
\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dc\'ec\'f5\'e1\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'e2\'e3\'e9\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f3\'dc\'ec\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'e2\'e1
\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ). \'ca\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e3\'e9\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'e5\'f1\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'e4\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'f1\'df\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'e1\'f1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc
\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'ec\'f0\'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3
\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed
\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e1\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'fd\'eb\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'e7\'f3\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'f5\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e3\'ea\'e5\'e9\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f1\'fd\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f6\'e1\'df\'f1\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f1\'f1\'ef\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc
\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f6\'e1\'df\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f1\'f1\'ef\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1
\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef
\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'e2\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ef\'f1\'e3\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e1\'df\'f3\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc
\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e1\'df\'f3\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4
\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'ef\'f1\'fd\'f6\'f9\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df
\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 
\'c3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f7\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'e5\'f1\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee
\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'bc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'e3\'e3\'eb\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb
\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'df\'e4\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\'f3\'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e3\'e9
\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'eb\'fe\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'ed\'e4\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'df\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'c3\'ea\'ef\'f5\'f4\'e6\'ef\'f5\'f1\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e1\'f1\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec
\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f9\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'ea\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'f5\'f1\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed
\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f5\'ec\'ed\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'c9\'ed\'e4\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e3\'eb\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'eb\'e7\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e3\'f5\'ec\'ed\'e1\'f3\'f4\'de\'f1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e3\'e9\'e1\'e3\'e9\'e1\'ec\'e1\'f3\'dc\'eb\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'eb\'e5\'ee\'df\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  "\'e1\'df\'e8\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f5\'ec\'ed\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'df\'f1\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e9\'e4\'dd\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f1\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dc\'ec\'f5\'e1\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'e2\'e3\'e9\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'f3\'f4\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e5\'f1\'e3\'e7\'f4\'e9
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'f5\'e8\'f1\'fc\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\'f5\'ed\'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e5\'f1\'e3\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'ec\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e5\'f1\'e3\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'df\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fe
\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e5\'f1\'e3\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'ef
\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\'ea\'ef\'ec\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f6\'e1\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'e8\'eb\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'df\'e3\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e5\'f1\'e3\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'ed\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ,\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e6\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5
\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e8\'eb\'e7\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dd\'f7\'ef
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'e1\'ec\'ec\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3
\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e5\'f1\'e3\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'f0\'e7\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4
\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'ea\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef
\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'e8\'f5\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'fd\'f7\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'dd\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ea\'ef\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e1\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - 
\'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' 
\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'dd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'fe\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'f5\'e8\'f1\'fc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e2\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ce\'dd\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'df\'f1\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c6\'f9\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e9\'eb\'e1\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'ef\'ed\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f3\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'f0\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e6\'dc\'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f3\'dc\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'e9\'f3\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'e3\'ef\'f0\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f3\'dc\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f3\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'e9\'f3\'ea\'ef\'f4\'dc\'ea\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f1\'e1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e2\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e5\'f1\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e9\'eb\'e1\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e5\'f0\'f4\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , "\'e8\'e1\'f5\'ec\'dc\'f3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 !" \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ec\'f0\'f1\'dc\'e2\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 !".
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e9\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'e5\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ea\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e2\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1
\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc
\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f3\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'e9\'fe\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5
\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fd\'ea\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'e3\'e3\'eb\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'f1\'e1\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'ed\'e8\'e1\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e9
\'dc\'f7\'f5\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f4\'fd\'f0\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e3\'f1\'e9\'ef\'fd\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " - \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc
\'e8\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'eb\'dd\'e3\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e3\'f1\'e9\'ef\'fd\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'e2\'dc\'eb\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'ea\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e7\'e8\'f5\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'f1\'df\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'eb\'e9\'ea\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'df\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e3\'f1\'e9\'ef\'fd\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . "\'c3\'f1\'e9\'ef\'fd\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'eb\'e9\'ea\'df\'e1\'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'e9\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'ef\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'dd
\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f9\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'dd\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'ef
\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'dd\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f3\'f7\'dd\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'eb\'e9\'ea\'df\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e8\'e5\'ed\'e1\'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'e4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'e3\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1
\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0
\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e3\'ea\'e1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'ec\'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec
\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'dc\'f3
\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f9\'f1\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef
\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'df\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5
\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f3\'ea\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'cd\'ef\'f5\loch\f53  
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0
\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'e9\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'ea\'de\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'dd
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'ea\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "O\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f3\'ea\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'ef\'f5\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " (Four Exertions). \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4
\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f3\'ea\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  1) \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0
\'f1\'fc\'eb\'e7\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 2) \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ce\'e5\'f1\'df\'e6\'f9\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 3) \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  4) \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'f4\'de\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . T\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'dd\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'eb\'e7\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'eb\'dc\'e2\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'dd\'ed\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5
\'f7\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'ec\'f6\'e1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'ec\'ef\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ee\'e5\'f1\'df\'e6\'f9\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ee\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e6\'fe\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea
\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'e5\'f1\'e3\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f6\'e1\'f1\'ec
\'fc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4
\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'fc\'eb\'e7\'f8\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ce\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e6\'fe\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'f4\'de\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f7\'f9\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'ef\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e5\'f5\'ea\'ef\'eb\'fd\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e8\'e1\'f1\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f4\'ef\'ed\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed
\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'df\'e6\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e8\'ef\'f5\'f3
\'e9\'e1\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'de\'e3\'ef\'f1
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e8\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'e1\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dc\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4
\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f3\'f9\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'f1\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'df\'e8\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dd
\'eb\'e9\'ee\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f7\'f5\'f1\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'ea\'f1\'ef\'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ea\'f9\'e8\'e5\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'f9\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f6\'e1\'f3\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'e7\'ea\'f9\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'e1\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ea\'f9\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'ef\'f5\'e6\'ef\'f5\'f1\'dd\'f8\'ef
\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'f0\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'dc\'ec\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'f1\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f7\'f5\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd
\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e8\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'e1\'f3
\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'ed\'e5\'ec\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f4\'e5
\'eb\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d0\'f1\'e9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'f0\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e5\'f1\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f3\'ea\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f3\'e7\'ec\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'e2\'e1\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f1\'f7\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'dc\'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e6\'fe\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'e5\'f1\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed
\'f4\'e7\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e5\'f7\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f0\'e1\'e9\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'eb\'e9\'ea\'f1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'eb\'e9\'ea\'f1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb
\'e5\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'eb\'e9\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f3\'ea\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e2\'dc\'eb\'eb\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'eb\'e9\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . (\'c3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'e5\'f1\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'e9\'f4\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0
\'fc\'eb\'f5\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'eb\'e9\'ea\'f1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e7\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c8\'f5\'ec\'dc\'ec\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e2\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'fc\'eb\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e7\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'dc\'f8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'e2\'e9\'ef\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'eb\'e5\'e3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dc
\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'eb\'f5\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ea\'e5\'f4\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'eb\'e9\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ed\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 !)
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f6\'e1\'f1\'ec\'fc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f3\'ea\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'e2\'dc\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe
\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'dd\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'eb\'e7\'f6\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e6\'f9\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'e5\'f1\'e3\'e7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e7\'e8
\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f4\'e7\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f1\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'eb\'e5
\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'f4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'ed\'e1\'ea\'eb\'dc\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e8\'f1\'dd\'f6\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f6\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : "\'d4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'ef
\'f1\'f6\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ! \'d4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'e5\'f5\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'ef\'e4
\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'e6\'fc\'ec
\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'e5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f3\'dc\'f1\'ea\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5
\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'df\'e3\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'f5\'f6\'e5\'f1\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f6\'e9\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ee\'e9\'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'ef\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'f5\'f6\'f5\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'e9\'eb\'e9\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\'f0\'f1\'ef\'e1\'df\'f1\'e5\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'fc
\'f4\'e9\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'e9\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'e5\'f1\'e3\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\'e1\'e9\'f4\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'e5\'f5\'f7\'e7\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5
\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'f4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'e9\'e7\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f3\'f9\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'f4
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e5\'eb\'e1\'f4\'f4\'fe\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f4
\'e5\'f1\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'df\'f4\'e7\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'e2\'e1\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'eb\'e9\'ea\'f1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1
\'e5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'e9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f6\'e1\'f1\'ec\'ef\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1
\'f3\'ea\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f7\'f9\'f1\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'ef\'e4
\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'de\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 1. \'d0\'f1\'ef\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'dc\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'dd\'ed\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef
\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'e1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53  
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'bc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'eb\'f5\'f3\'ec
\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'e8\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'f9\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'f3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'dc\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f3\'fd\'e3\'f7\'f5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'eb\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'ef\'f0\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'dd\'ed\'ed\'e7\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e4\'dd\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ec\'e5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\'dc\'e3\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'f9\'f4\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'dd\'f1\'f7\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  -\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'dd\'f1
\'f7\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e6\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - 
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ec\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 .}{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e9\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ee\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f9\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e6\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'e7\'e8\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e5\'f0\'e5\'ee\'e5\'f1\'f7\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'e3\'ea\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\'f5\'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'ed\'e7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ., \'f0\'e5\'f1\'f0\'e1\'f4\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dd\'ec\'e5\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e1\'f6\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'ea\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1
\'ef\'f3\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'f4\'f1\'df\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'f4\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : "
\'c8\'dd\'eb\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'ef\'f1\'dc\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 !" \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1
\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 ,\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'ed\'dc\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f5\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'e7\'f3\'f4\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f5\'ec\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'f3\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'ec\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea
\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'f4\'de\'ea\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'dd\'e4\'f9\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e4\'ef\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'fc\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f7\'f9\'f1\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\'e9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'ea\'e1\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'dc\'e2\'ef\'f5
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'e3\'e9\'e4\'e5\'f5\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'e8\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'f3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fc\'e2\'ef\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c5\'f0\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f0\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc
\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'e1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'f3\'e2\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e8\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'e2\'e5\'f1\'ed\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df
\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'df\'f4\'e7\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'eb\'e1\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e9\'e1\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f6\'fd\'eb\'e1\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e8\'f5\'f1\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'ec\'ef\'e9\'dc\'e6
\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'f3\'fc\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'e9
\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'ef\'e4\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'df\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e2\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'eb\'e1\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f3\'ef\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'dd\'e3\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f3\'ea\'dd\'f0\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'dd\'e3\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'f3\'fc\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ee
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'f4\'dc\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f4\'f5\'f0\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'de\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'dd\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'e7\'f4
\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'f1\'e1\'f4\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f7\'e8\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'eb\'e5\'e3\'f7\'ef\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7
\'fe\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'f3\'e5\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'ec\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e5
\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'e9\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3
\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'f3\'e2\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f6\'dd
\'f1\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e7\'f3\'e9\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'f3\'dd\'f1\'f7\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'e9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'ea\'e1\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'dc\'e2\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'ef\'ed\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5
\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'df\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f6\'de\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'dc\'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e9\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f6\'e5\'f1\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ! \'cc\'f0\'de\'ea\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f0\'fc\'f1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ee\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'f3\'e5\'f9
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f6\'f5\'eb\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'fd\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8
\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'f3\'f7\'f9\'f1\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 2. \'ce\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e6\'fe\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'e1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'f4
\'e5\'df
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f1\'df\'e6\'f9\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'e1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df
\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e3\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ec\'f0\'ef\'e4\'df\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e1\'e8\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e7\'f3\'f5\'f7
\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f9\'e8\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f7\'e1\'fd\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'f6\'e9\'e2\'ef\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'ef\'f6\'e1\'f3\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec
\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e1\'e8\'dc
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3
\'e1\'e8\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f7\'f5\'f1\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'dc\'ed\'e5
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'e3\'e7\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f1\'ef\'fd\'f7\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dd\'e3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'e2\'eb\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'e1
\'f4\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'e1\'ed
\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb
\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e1\'e8\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e8\'dd\'f4\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'ec\'e1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\'f4\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e1\'e8\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e2\'df\'f9\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9
\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'f4\'dc\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f5\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'f2

\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'bc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'f3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef
\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'dc\'ed\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f7\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f3\'e4\'e9\'dc\'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e3\'f9\'ed\'e9\'f3
\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'e9\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3
\'e1\'ed\'dc\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'fc\'eb\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de\'f1\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e7\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f5\'eb\'eb\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e5\'f7\'ef\'ec\'dd
\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e5\'f3\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f1\'f7\'df\'f3\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\'e2\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'fc\'f6\'e5\'f5\'ea\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e6\'de\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f6\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'e3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'fe\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'e7\'f3\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f0\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'e2\'fc\'ec\'e1
\'f3\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\'f5\'ec\'dc\'e6\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'de\'f1\'f7\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e1\'e3\'e3\'dd\'eb\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'dc\'e2\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f5\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e4\'e5\'e9\'ee\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'e7\'f3\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e4\'e9\'f9\'ee\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'e3\'f5\'f1\'e1\'ec\'ef\'e9\'e2\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f5\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'e9\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e1\'ed\'dc\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f0\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'df\'f3\'f4\'e5\'f5\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ea\'e1\'f4\'dd\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f5\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'e7\'f3\'f4\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f0\'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e7\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'f1\'e9\'f3
\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'e5\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'e5\'fc\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c4\'f5\'f3\'f4\'f5\'f7\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'de\'e3\'e7\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'e9\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e1\'ed\'dc\'ea
\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f3\'f3\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'f5\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd\'e2\'e7\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1
\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'f1\'fe\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'fe\'ee\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'c9\'e5\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'dd\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'d3\'f4\'e1\'f5\'f1\'ef\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
, \'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'eb\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f3\'dc\'f1\'e5\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'eb\'dd\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'e9\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'ec\'f0\'ef\'e4\'df\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'e9\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'e9\'eb\'e9\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'dd\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3
\'e7\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e7\'f3\'f5\'f7
\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'e3\'f7\'ef\'f5\'f2
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 To \'e5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e7\'f3\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'e3\'f7\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e7\'e8\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4
\'e7\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'e3\'f7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed
\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ea\'f1\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ec\'ef\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'f1\'e5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e3\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'de\'f3\'f5\'f7\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e5\'f5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'e3\'f7\'fe\'e4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f5
\'f1\'e1\'ed\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'fd\'f3
\'ea\'ef\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'f3\'e5
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e1\'eb\'de\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e6\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fe\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e3\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'e3\'f7\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e7
\'f3\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'e1\'f3\'fd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4
\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'f1\'e5\'ec\'df
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'f4
\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'ea\'e9\'ec\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'ef\'f1\'fd\'e2\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'ea\'eb\'ef\'f6\'ef
\'f1\'e9\'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e3\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'e3\'f7\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e7\'f3\'f5
\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'e1\'f3\'fd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f5\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e2\'e5\'eb\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1
\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e7\'f3\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'de\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'dc\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'ea\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f9\'e8\'f1\'fc\'f4
\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f7\'e1\'fd\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f9\'e8\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f7\'e1\'fd\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e3\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'f1\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'ec\'ed\'e1\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'f1\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e5
\'df\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'a2\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fe\'e8\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . "\'c3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ef\'f7\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'c4\'e5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'a2\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'fc\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 ". \'d3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'ef\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f0\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e7\'e8\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f5\'f7\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'e4\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e7\'f3\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'e3\'f7\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f5\'f7\'ed
\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'e9\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e1
\'eb\'de\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f1\'e5\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e9\'ec\'ed\'dc\'e6\'ef
\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'f5\'dc\'f3\'f7\'ef\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fe\'e3\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'ef\'fd\'f7\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'f6\'e9\'e2\'ef
\'eb\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'ef\'f6\'e1\'f3\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'f6\'e9\'e2\'ef\'eb\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'ef\'f6\'e1\'f3\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e9
\'ea\'e1\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'f1\'ef\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1
\'eb\'fd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'e4\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'e8\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'dd\'f1\'e1\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'f6\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f1\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f6
\'e1\'f3\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'f3\'ec\'e5\'f5\'f4\'ef
\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f1\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'dd\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'e9\'ef\'e8\'e5\'f4\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2
\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ec\'f0
\'fc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f1\'df\'e6\'f9\'ec\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7
\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'e1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'e5\'f1\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec
\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e1\'e8\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'f3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1
\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f9\'e8\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f7\'e1\'fd\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e7\'f3\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'e3\'f7\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0
\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'f6\'e9\'e2\'ef\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'ef\'f6\'e1\'f3\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f7\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'ec\'ef\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc
\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'e1\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'eb\'f5\'ed\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc
\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'eb\'f5\'ed\'e8\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ec\'f0\'ef\'e4\'df\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ec\'dc\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'e8
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'ec\'ef\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'f5\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fe\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'ea\'fc\'ea\'ea\'e9\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'f0\'eb\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e9\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'df\'f4\'f1\'e9\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'ef\'f1
\'f6\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f1\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'e9\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'f3\'ef
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'ec\'ef\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'f6\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e1\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f1\'f7\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f1\'ec\'f0\'ef\'f5\'eb\'de\'e8\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e3\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'ec\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . (\'ba\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef
\'e3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ee\'e5\'f6\'ef\'fd\'f3\'ea\'f9\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'f9\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'e5\'fd\'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f5\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ). \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e2\'e1\'f1\'fd\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e7\'f3\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'e3\'f7\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1
\'f1\'ef\'ec\'ef\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e5\'ec\'ef\'e4\'e1\'f1\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dc\'eb\'e1\'f3\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f9\'e8\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f7\'e1\'fd\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'ec\'ef\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'ec\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ec\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'f1\'e9\'fc\'f7\'ef\'f1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f3\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'de\'f1\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'f6\'e9\'e2\'ef\'eb\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'ef\'f6\'e1\'f3\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4
\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'ec\'ef\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'fd\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'f3\'f0\'fe\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'f9\'ec\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'e8\'e1\'f1\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'f4\'f1\'dc\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'d0\'fe\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f6\'ef\'f1\'f4\'f9\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'e4\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e6\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'ec\'f6\'e1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e9\'f3\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e5\'e8\'fc\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'ea\'e9\'ec\'dc\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'e9\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'ef\'eb\'e9\'dc\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'e8\'ef\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'dc\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4
\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'e9\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'e5\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f5\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'cc\'f0\'ef
\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f5\'ec\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'eb
\'e7\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'e8\'e1\'ed\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'e7\'e3\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f3\'f6\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e5\'ee\'de\'e3\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f5\'ec\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f9\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'ef\'f4\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e3\'ea\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f5\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4
\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'e8\'ef\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f6\'e1\'f1\'ec\'ef\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'f0\'f4\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f9\'e8\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f7\'e1\'fd\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e9\'ec\'ed\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'ef\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'f0\'e9\'f0\'eb\'dd\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 ,\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f1\'e4\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1
\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'e8\'ef\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'e8\'dd\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9
\'e2\'eb\'e1\'e2\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'e8\'e5\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f9\'f6\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'ea
\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f8\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'e9\'e5\'fd\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e6\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ec
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb
\'eb\'e9\'e5\'f1\'e3\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'e8\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'f3
\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5
\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ). \'c1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'ea\'e7\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc
\'e9\'f4\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'ec\'f0\'dc\'e2\'e1\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 25 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'ef\'ed\'e5\'f4
\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'f3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'f3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'e8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'f3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'e3\'e5\'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 .}{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'e8\'ef\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'e3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'e5
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f7\'f9\'f1\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f1\'e1\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ed\'ed\'e5\'f6\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'f7\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e5\'fd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'e4\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'f1\'e1\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed
\'f5\'f0\'ef\'ec\'ef\'ed\'e7\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'ef\'f1\'e3\'e9\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e1
\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1
\'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'e3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1
\'f1\'e1\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e7\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ec\'e5\'f4\'f9\'f0\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1
\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f1\'e8\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f4\'e7\'f1\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4
\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e5\'e9\'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e6\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'f4
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ec\'e1\'ea\'f1\'f5\'ed\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 . 

\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'e8\'ef\'e4
\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'fd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - 
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'df\'e1\'e9\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'ef\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f6\'ef\'f1\'f4\'f9\'e8\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e7\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e8\'fc\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f6\'df\'ee\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fc\'ed\'f4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f6\'e1\'f3\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f6\'dc\'f1\'ec\'ef\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'df\'e1\'e9\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'ef\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'ef\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f6\'ef\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e1\'f0\'fe\'e8\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0
\'fe\'e8\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ed\'fe
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'f0\'f4\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e5\'f1\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'eb\'f5\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ce\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'e2\'e5
\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'ef\'ec\'e5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7
\'ef\'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e1\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fe\'e8\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'ea\'e5\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'f0\'f4\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'e8\'ef\'e4\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e6\'fe\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'e4\'dd\'ee\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'fd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'cc\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f6\'df\'e3\'e3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fc\'ed\'f4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f6\'e1\'f1\'ec\'fc\'e6\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'df\'e1\'e9\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'ef\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'ef\'f1\'f4\'dc\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e8\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e1\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'eb\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'e4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ec\'e1\'ea\'f1\'f5\'ed\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'d4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'f0\'f4\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'d5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e9\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f1\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e9\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5
\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'f0\'f4\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'df\'e3\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dc\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'e8\'ef\'e4\'ef\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'fd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dc\'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'dd\'ed\'f4\'ef\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'e5
\'f5\'e8\'e5\'f1\'f9\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ec\'dc\'f3\'f7\'e1\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4
\'e1\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 3. \'ca\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'e5\'f1\'e3\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9
\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec
\'f6\'e1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc
\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'e1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'f4\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e7\'e8\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'d3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5
\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4
\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e2\'ef\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e1\'df\'f3\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1
\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'dc\'e2\'e1\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'eb\'e5\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'ef\'f0\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'e9
\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'ef\'f0\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e9\'ed\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'ef\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  -\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'ef\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f4\'e5\'f5\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4
\'dc\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'ec\'e5\'f4\'f1\'e9\'dd\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f4\'e5\'f5
\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e3\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'f5\'dc\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'e3\'ea\'ed\'e9\'dc\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 ). \'d5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'f5\'dc\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e5\'ec\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f8\'e7\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e7\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'fc\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e3\'f1\'dc\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'eb\'fd\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'e3\'fc\'ed
\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e9\'e4\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ec\'f0\'e9\'ed\'f4\'dc\'f1\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'e7\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'dc\'e2\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ba\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'e9\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'de\'f3\'e9\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f4\'f5\'f7\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef
\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'e9\'ed\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'ec\'ef\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3
\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef
\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'ec\'ef\'e9\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'ec\'f6\'e9\'f3\'e2\'de\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'dd\'f1\'f7\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'fe\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53  
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'e5\'eb\'e7\'e8
\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'ec\'e9\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f1\'e5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'e9\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e4\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f7\'ed\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f4\'e9\'ec\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'fd\'e8\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'f5\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'ec\'ef\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ed\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'ea\'e1\'f4\'e5\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'ed\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'e7\'e8\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'f5\'f4\'f1\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f0\'e1\'df\'f1\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'dc\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ec\'dc\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'fc\'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'e1\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ed\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'df\'f7\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\'e1\'ea\'e1\'f4
\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ea\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'ec\'e9\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'e7\'e8
\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ed\'dc\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'f1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ec\'dc\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f1\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e5\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ed\'dc\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'fd\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'e3\'fc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f8\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'f5\'dc\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4
\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'f0\'e1\'ed\'df\'f3\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef
\'fd\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'f1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f3\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'e3\'e5\'f5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f5\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef
\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'f3\'e2\'dc\'eb\'eb\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e7\'e8\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'eb\'e7\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e5\'e3\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'ec\'ef\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'f5\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'ec\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ec\'dc\'f4
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'ec\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef
\'e8\'dd\'ec\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'ed\'e5\'fe\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f6\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f7\'eb\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'f5\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'e8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'ed\'ef\'fd
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f6\'e1\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e7\'e3\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 ,\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'ed\'e5\'f1\'e3\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1
\'ec\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e5\'ee\'dc\'ed\'f4\'eb
\'e7\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'e9\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'ec\'ef\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'f5\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'f9\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'e1\'eb\'fe
\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'f9\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ea\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f3\'ef\'f3\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'f5\'ea\'eb\'fe\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'ed\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'f3\'f9\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'f9\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'f5\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9
\'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e9\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f8\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'de
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e6\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'f4\'eb\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'ec\'ef\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'f5\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'f5\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'f5\'eb\'df\'e3\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'f5\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'ed\'f4\'fc\'ed\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'ef\'f3\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'dc\'ed\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'ef
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'e5\'f3\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'f5\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'ed\'f4\'fc\'ed\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f4\'f5\'eb\'df\'e3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'f5\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd
\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'f5\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f8\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f4\'f5\'eb\'df\'e3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3
\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e5\'fd\'ef\'ed\'f4\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'fe\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'e3\'e3\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ee\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'ec\'e7
\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f6\'f1\'e1\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'fc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1
\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ee\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e7\'f1\'e5\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef
\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'ed\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'f5
\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f3
\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f8\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e5\'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4
\'de\'f3\'e5\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e3\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  "\'dc\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f6\'e1\'df\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'f5\'dc\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'e4\'e9\'e1\'e9\'f1\'dd\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'ef\'f7
\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'e2\'e1\'e8\'fd\'ed\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'f5\'dc\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'e8\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'f5\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e3\'f1\'dc\'f6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f3\'f6\'e1\'df\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dc\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5
\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'dd\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'ed\'f4\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ed\'ef\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
. \'d3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'fe\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'eb\'f5\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'f1\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'ef\'fd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f6\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f3
\'f6\'e1\'df\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  "\'f3\'f6\'e1\'df\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5
\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e1\'ed\'f4\'ef\'f3\'fd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fe\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f3\'e7\'ec\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e5\'ea\'f4\'e1\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'fc\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e5\'fd\'e8\'f5\'ed\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f6\'e1\'df\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , "\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea
\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f5\'f6\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'fc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'eb\'e7\'f0\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ea\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'fd
\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f7\'f9\'f1\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'e1\'f6\'f1\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'f1\'ef\'ea\'ef\'ec\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e3\'e1\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'e3\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'ef\'ed
\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'e5\'f5\'f3\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'e7\'eb\'dd\'ed\'e4\'e5\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'e1\'f1
\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f6\'e1\'df\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f3\'f6\'e1\'df\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ef\'fd\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'eb\'e7\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'fd\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'eb\'e7\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0
\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e9\'e1\'ea\'f1\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\'eb\'e7\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e5\'ee\'e1\'fb\'eb\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e5\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'eb\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'eb\'e7\'f8\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5
\'f0\'ef\'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'fb\'eb\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'df\'e6
\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f6\'df\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dd\'f1\'e2\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'ea
\'e5\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e5\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5
\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'f5\'dc\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'dc\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f6
\'e1\'df\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'ef\'f7\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f4\'e5\'f5\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'ef\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'e1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'f0\'f4\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e9\'dd\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'e5\'f1\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb
\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f8\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed
\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f6\'dc\'eb\'e1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9
\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'e3\'e4\'ef\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'e4\'df\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f0\'f1\'e5\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e5\'f5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ed\'df\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'e4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'e8\'fc\'f1\'ec\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'fe
\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
, \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f5\'f6\'de\'f3\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f0\'f4\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'e3\'ea\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'ea\'dc
\'e8\'e1\'f1\'ef\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'eb\'dd\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ,\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f7\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'e9\'f4\'e5
\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'e5
\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ec\'dd\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'e3\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e1\'df\'f3\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' 
\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'dc\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f6\'dc\'eb\'e1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 4. \'d3\'f5\'ed\'f4\'e7\'f1\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'dd
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'e1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'b8\'f7\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'eb\'dc\'e2\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e6\'fe\'f3\'e5
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ed\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'e5\'f1\'e3\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'f4\'e7\'f1\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f8\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'e5\'f1\'e3\'de\'f3\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f5\'eb\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'ec\'e1\'f4\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'ea\'e7\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f3\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e5\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'df\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'de\'ed\'e5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f3\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'ea\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'ee\'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'ec\'e1\'f4\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'f3\'f9\'e3\'f5\'f1\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'ea\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'f3
\'f9\'e3\'f5\'f1\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f7\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'f1\'de\'e3\'ef\'f1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'f4\'e7\'f1\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'e5
\'f1\'e3\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e1\'df\'f3\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'b8\'f7\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f1\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'f4\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e1\'df\'f3\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e1\'df\'f3\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef
\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e1\'df\'f3\'e9\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'fd\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53  
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e1\'df\'f3\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea
\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e6\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd
\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'ef\'f0\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'e3\'f7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e1\'e4\'f5\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'de\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'ef\'eb
\'ef\'e3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'f1\'de\'e3\'ef\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e5\'ea\'f4\'dc\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'de\'ec\'e5
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'de\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e1\'ed\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f3\'f4\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'f7\'ed\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'eb\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'a2\'e3\'e3\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'ef\'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53  Julian Huxley,\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 "\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f6\'ef\'f1
\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'eb\'dc\'e4\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'de\'ec\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'f5\'f6\'e1\'df\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'e5\'df\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f0\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'eb\'e7\'f0\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e3\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'e1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'eb
\'eb\'e1\'e3\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'f5\'e3\'f7\'dc\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'dd\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1
\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e3\'dc\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'dd\'ed\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'c1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f0\'e1\'ed\'f4
\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5
\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'f5\'e3\'f7\'dc\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'dd\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'dd\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e3\'dc\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\'f4\'df\'e8\'e5\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f0\'e1\'eb
\'e1\'e9\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'eb\'e7\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'ec\'e9\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'de\'e8
\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e5\'ee\'e5\'eb\'df\'f7\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'eb\'df\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'eb\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'e9\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f4\'e7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : 
\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e5\'eb\'e8\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'dd\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e5\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3
\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'e8\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'df\'f1\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'e9
\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e8\'dd\'f4\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'e5
\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'f5\'f6\'f5\'c0\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'f5\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e5\'f5\'e8\'f5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'ef\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'eb\'df\'f7\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'eb\'e9\'f7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
, \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'eb\'e9\'f7\'e8\'e5
\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef
\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'eb\'df\'f7\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e1\'f4\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'eb\'dd\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0
\'e9\'f3\'f4\'de\'ec\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'e3\'df\'e1
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'eb\'e9\'f7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'eb\'e9\'f7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb
\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'ea\'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'e3\'ea\'ef\'f3\'ec\'df\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8
\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e1\'f4\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\'f2\loch\f53  
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'fd\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'ea\'ef\'eb\'fc\'f4
\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e3\'f1\'dc\'ec\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5
\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'e1\'ec\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ec\'e2\'ef\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'f1\'dc\'ec\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'e9\'e8\'ec\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
. \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  2, \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'e1\'ec\'ec\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e8\'dd\'f4\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'e1\'ec\'ec\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f7\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  2 \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e1\'f4\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  2 \'ec\'dd\'f7\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e8\'dd\'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  0 \'ec\'dd\'f7\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  2 \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  2 \'ec\'dd\'f7\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'dc\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f7\'f9\'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  1, \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f4
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  0 \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  2, \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'dc\'ed\'e9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'e9\'fe\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'e9\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'fe\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dc\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd\'e2\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f6\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . (\'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f0\'f4\'f1\'df\'e6
\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ). \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  3, \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  2 \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e5\'df\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9
\'f7\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'dc\'ed\'e9\'f3\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e2\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'c5\'e9\'f3\'fc\'e4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'d1\'e5\'fd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f6\'de\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f6\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4
\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'e9\'fe\'e4\'e5
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'e1\'ec\'ec\'de\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  0 \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'ea\'df\'ed\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4
\'e9\'ea\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e3\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'cc\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'b8\'ea\'f1\'e7\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'ef\'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'dc\'ed\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  1 \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3
\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'dc\'ed\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'e9\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4
\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  2 \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'dc\'ed\'e9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53  - \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  3 \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e2\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1
\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fd\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'cc\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f6\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e5\'df\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3
\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'df\'f7\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9
\'f7\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'e9\'f1\'e2\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  1, 2 \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  3 \'f4\'dd\'ec\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'e7\'ec\'e1\'e4\'e5\'fd\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'e9\'e8\'ec\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1
\'dc\'ec\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e3\'f1\'dc\'f6\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1
\'fe\'f0\'e9\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'f5\'ea\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'e9\'ea\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f3\'df\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ee\'e1\'e9\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'c2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'e9\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'e1\'ed\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'f9\'f4\'fc\'e3\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f0\'ef\'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c3\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e3\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed
\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'e9\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4
\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'f7\'ed\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e7\'ec\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'fe
\'f4\'e5\'f1\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e5\'f1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'e9\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8
\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 , \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f0\'f4\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb
\'ef\'fd\'f3\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f7\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  -\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f9\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'f9\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'de\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e1\'f4\'fe
\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f5\'ed\'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'eb\'df\'ec\'e1\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'eb\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'eb\'e5\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'f4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'f0\'f4\'f5\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'ef\'f6\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'ed\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe
\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'e9\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'f5\'dc\'f1\'e9\'e8\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'ef\'f7\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\'f7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'fe\'e4\'f5\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'ed\'dc\'f0\'f4\'f5\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'ef\'f1\'f5\'f6\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7
\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4
\'e7\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0
\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'e1\'f1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'e1\'ec\'ec\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'e1\'ec\'ec\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'eb\'dc\'e2\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f3\'ec\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d5\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e2\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c3\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'e1\'ec\'ec\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'dc\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' 
\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'bc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9
\'dc\'e3\'f1\'e1\'ec\'ec\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e1\'f4\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7
\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e1\'f4
\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e6\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5
\'eb\'df\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'e1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e5\'ed
\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e9
\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'eb\'e9\'f7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f6\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'df\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'e9\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'e9\'f4\'e5\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5
\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f0\'e1\'e9\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'e5\'f1\'df\'ef\'f0\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c3\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'c4\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e3\'f1\'dc\'ec\'ec\'e1\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'f1
\'e9\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'de\'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ee\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e6\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'eb\'e9\'f7\'e8\'de\'ea\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e1\'e9\'f4\'dd\'f1\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'e9\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e1\'e9\'f4\'dd\'f1\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'e9\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3
\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f0\'e1\'e9\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f6\'f5\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f3\'ea\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 :\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f1\'e9
\'e6\'fe\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'e5\'f1\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'f4\'e7\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'ea\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb
\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'e9\'f1\'e2\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'e5\'f6\'dc\'eb\'e1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53  7}{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c5\'df\'e4\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1
\'f7\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e1\'f4\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5
\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'f0\'fc\'ec\'e5
\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'ef\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'ef\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc\'ef\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'e1\'ed\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f4\'e5\'f5
\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'ef\'f7\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f8\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb
\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4
\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e2\'e4\'ef\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'e4\'df\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3
\'e5\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'e3\'f1\'de\'e3\'ef\'f1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'ea\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ed\'e1\'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f8\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'d3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'e3\'f1\'de\'e3\'ef\'f1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'e5\'df
\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'eb\'dd\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\'f3\'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dc\'ec\'f5\'e1\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'f3\'ec\'f1\'df\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f3\'dc
\'ec\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'f3\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ). \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ec\'f1\'df\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e5\'e3\'f1\'de\'e3\'ef\'f1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'eb\'e5\'ee\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'fd\'ec\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e8\'fd\'ec\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'e9\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f7\'f1\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f1\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'e5\'e3\'e3\'df\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ec\'f1\'df\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'f1\'de\'e3\'ef\'f1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'ec\'e5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e1\'df\'f1\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'f1\'de\'e3\'ef\'f1\'f3
\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'f1\'de\'e3\'ef\'f1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'f6\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'f1\'de\'e3
\'ef\'f1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\'ea\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'e3\'f1\'de\'e3\'ef\'f1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'fd\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'f1\'de\'e3\'ef\'f1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'ea\'ef\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'eb\'e7\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'f1\'de\'e3\'ef\'f1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'e8\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'dc\'f6\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e5\'df\'e3\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'dc\'ec\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1
\'f7\'f5\'e4\'f1\'ef\'ec\'e7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'f4\'ef\'ec\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f7\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'e3\'f7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'df\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'df\'f1\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e7\'eb\'dd\'f6\'f9\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'dc\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f5\'e2\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'e9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'ea\'e1\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'dc\'e2\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'e5\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f5\'e2\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'eb\'dd\'f6\'f9\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'ca\'eb\'e5\'df\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'f1\'e9\'e2\'e5\'eb\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e3\'e1\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'df\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e5\'eb\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f7\'dc\'f3\'e5
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'dc\'ec\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb
\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f6\'e5\'f1\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'f8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f5\'e6\'df\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f3\'dc\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\'ed\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'e1\'df\'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'f0\'eb\'e1\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f9\'ec\'dc\'f4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'ef\'df\'e3\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'eb\'e1\'f1\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'e3\'ef\'ed\'f4\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f1\'e5\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e5\'f1\'ed\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f7\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\'ef\'f6\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f4\'f5\'f0\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'f1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'df\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'e8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'fd
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'df\'f1\'e5\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'e5\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'f3\'f4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e4\'e5\'f3\'f0\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e8\'fc\'f3\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'dd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'f9\'f4\'dc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'dc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f5\'e6\'df\'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ec\'dc\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'ec\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e1\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'eb\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f5\'ec\'e7\'e8\'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'dc
\'ec\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'e3\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'f7\'f5\'e4\'f1\'ef\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'eb\'e5\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'f1\'de\'e3\'ef\'f1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 
\'bc\'ed\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1
\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'ef\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'eb\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'f1\'de\'e3\'ef\'f1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e6
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e9\'e3\'ef\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'e9\'f1\'dd\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e7
\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'f4\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'fd\'f4\'e5
\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3
\'f1\'de\'e3\'ef\'f1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'fe\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'ea\'dc\'e8\'e1\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'eb\'e7\'f3\'ec\'ef\'f3\'fd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'f1\'de\'e3\'ef\'f1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ce\'e5\'f7\'ed\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'dc\'ec\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'dc\'f6\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'eb\'dd\'f6\'f9\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f7\'ed\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f7\'ed\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 ; \'c3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'e5\'fd\'e3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e5\'eb\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f0\'f1\'e5\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f5\'ec\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'c1\'e9\'f4\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'f5\'ea\'ef\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e4\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 
\'c8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'dd\'f1\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f7\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'eb\'e5\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'e9\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'eb\'f5\'f4\'e7\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'e9\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ce\'e1\'f6\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'ef\'df\'e3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'f1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e1
\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'f3\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f5\'f1\'ed\'dc\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f6\'dc\'eb\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'df\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f1\'e9\'ef\'ed\'dd\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ! \'cc\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ea\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fd\'e3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2
\'e3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e6\'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'eb\'e9\'f3\'f4\'f1\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'ea\'f1\'ef\'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'df\'f7\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'f3\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f7\'ed\'dc
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'e8\'dd\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ed\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'f3\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'d0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'e2\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2
\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'cc\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'f3\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'e8\'e5\'ed\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
. \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'eb\'e5\'e3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'f0\'e1\'e9\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'dd\'f6\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'e1\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 '\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'f3\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'e2\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'fc\'f8\'f5\'f7\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ,\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'e4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 
\'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'f4\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'e8\'e5\'ed\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'c3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f0\'fc\'eb\'e1\'e9\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'f4\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; H \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'e8\'e5\'ed\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'ef
\'f0\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e2\'dc\'eb\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'ef\'f0\'fc\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ,\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'e7\'e4\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb
\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f1\'f9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f3\'e7\'ec\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dc\'f4\'e9\'f1\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'f4\'f1\'dc\'e9\'ed\'f4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 26:
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cc\'e9\'f3\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'df\'ed\'e1\'e3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'f4\'e1\'e3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ef\'f1\'e3\'dc
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'fd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e5\'e3\'e3\'dc\'f1\'e9
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'b8\'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'f1\'ec\'e1\'ea\'ef\'f4\'f1\'df\'f6\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'ef\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e6\'de\loch\f53 , 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'eb\'e9\'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'ef\'f0\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'e5\'ed\'f4
\'f1\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' 
\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e9\'ea
\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'fc
\'ec\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'e2\'f1\'f5\'f9\'e4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e2\'eb\'e7\'f4\'dd\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f5\'f0\'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f3\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'f0\'f4\'f5\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'fd\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3
\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'ef\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'fd\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea
\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'f1\'de\'e3\'ef\'f1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'ec\'df\'e6\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53   \'ee\'e5\'ea\'dc\'e8\'e1\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'f1\'de\'e3\'ef\'f1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'eb\'e7\'f3\'ec\'ef\'f3\'fd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f3\'f0\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'e4\'f1\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e1\'f3\'e8\'e5\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'eb\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f8\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\'ed\'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'ef\'f0\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dc\'ed\'e5\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d6\'f5\'f3\'e9
\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'f1\'de\'e3\'ef\'f1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ea\'f1\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'e2\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'e8\'e5\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3
\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'fd\'ec\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'f3\'f0\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f5
\'ed\'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'e8\'e5\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'ef\'f0\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'f4\'fd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 . \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'bc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'e9\'f1\'e9\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4
\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'e2\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'dd\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'f1\'de\'e3\'ef\'f1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'f1\'e1\'f6\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'f5\'f1\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'f5\'f3\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e1\'ee\'e9\'ed\'ef\'ec\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'e3\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f4\'e5\'df\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'ee\'e9\'ed\'ef\'ec\'de\'f3\'f9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0
\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f0\'fc\'eb\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'fd\'ef\'ed\'f4
\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'e5\'f6\'e1\'eb\'df\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'fd\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'f4
\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f4\'f9\'ec\'dd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f0\'ef\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'c5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 1. \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed

\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'bc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  "\'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'e2\'eb\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e1\'f0\'dd\'e6\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5
\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'dc
\'f1\'e9\'e8\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\'e3\'ef\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5
\'ed\'ed\'ef\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f3
\'e9\'eb\'e5\'df\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3
\'ea\'e5\'f7\'f5\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'eb\'e7\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'fd\'f1\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f6\'e1\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e2\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\'f4\'ef\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f0\'e1\'ed\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'dc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'eb\'e7\'f0\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'fc\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'f0\'f4\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'e9\'e5\'f1\'fe\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'ec\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'f4\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'d0\'e9\'e8\'e1\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ef\'fd\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e5\'f1\'fc\'eb\'e5\'f0\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e4\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ba\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'f4\'e7\'e3\'ef\'f1\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'dc\'f8\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'e3\'f7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'fd\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'f4\'dc\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'fc\'ec\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'f4\'dc\'ee\'ef\'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'eb\'e9\'e3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'ef\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'df\'f7\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f3\'f0\'df\'f4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f6\'f1\'dc\'f7\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e7\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ee\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef
\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'ef\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'eb\'e7\'f6\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e2\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'bc\'f0\'f9
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'e9\'e7\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 :
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ec\'dc\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e3\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53  
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1
\'e8\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e8\'e1\'f5\'ec\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 ;
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e5\'ed\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e6
\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e1\'f0\'ef\'e8\'e1\'f5\'ec
\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'d9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'ec\'e1\'f4\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'f4\'dc\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f0\'e1\'ed
\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e2\'ef\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'ea\'e5\'e9\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
. \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'f4\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'f0\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'f0\'dd\'f4\'e1\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'df\'f7\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'de\'f8\'e5\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d0\'f1\'e9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'de\'ec\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e1\'eb\'e9\'ec\'f0\'fc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e3\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'f7\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'f0\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'e5\'f0\'e1\'eb\'dd\'e6\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'df\'eb\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f5\'f7\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'ec\'e1\'f4\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f4\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'ed\'dd\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'fd\'e8
\'e7\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'ec\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'e1\'ec\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'f5\'e3\'e5\'f1\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f1\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f6\'f4\'dc\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'f5\'f0\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e9\'ed\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f5\'eb\'eb\'f9\'f3\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'fc\'f1\'e5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'f1\'e1\'f4\'e7\'e8
\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'fe\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : "\'d4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4
\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 !" \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'e5\'f0\'e1\'eb\'dd\'e6\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'df\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e5\'ea\'fc
\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'f0\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , "\'d9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f5\'f0\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f7\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e4\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ea\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f5\'f3\'fc\'ee\'f5\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e5\'e9\'ec\'fe\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dd\'f6\'f5\'e3\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f4\'e5\'eb\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f5\'f3\'fc\'ee\'f5\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\'ef\'ef\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f0\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'e5\'f5\'e8
\'e5\'f1\'f9\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'eb\'fd\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'ea
\'e5\'e9\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ef\'fd\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
.
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cc\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'ef\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f0\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ea\'f1\'df
\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f9\'f1\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'a2\'f0\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\'eb\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'e1\'f0\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'df\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f4
\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e8\'e7\'f4\'e5\'f5\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'e3\'f1\'dc\'f6\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f3\'e7\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dc\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'dc\'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'e1\'ec\'f0\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dc\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'f1
\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ed\'dd\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef
\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ed\'e5\'eb\'e9\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'f9\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ed\'dd\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'e3\'e9\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5
\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'f7\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'f0
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'e1\'ec\'f0\'ef
\'fd\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". 
\'bc\'ed\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'e5\'f1\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'ea\'e1\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e7\'e8\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'e3\'e3\'e5\'eb\'ec\'e1\'f4\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'f4\'dd\'f7\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9
\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e8\'e7\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'df\'f4\'e1\'ee\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c2\'e3\'de\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd
\'ee\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f1\'f7\'e9\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'f4\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'e1\'ec\'f0\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'ca\'ef\'e9\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f4\'f3\'dc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5
\'df\'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'df\'f7\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'eb\'e7\'ed\'fc\'f6\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'ef\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e8\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f0\'f9\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e5\'e9\'ec\'fe\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'c5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'ea\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 ' \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fe\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'f9\'f4\'fc\'e2\'e3\'e1\'e9\'ed\'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'df\'f4\'f1\'e9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f1\'e1\'df\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'f1
\'e1\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'e1\'ec\'f0\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f0\'dd\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'e1\'ec\'f0\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e2\'eb\'e5\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1
\'f3\'df\'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'ed\'f4\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'e3\'e9\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e3\'e9\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'e1\'ec\'f0\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f1\'f7\'e9\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f3\'f4
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'df\'e3\'ef\'f5\'f1\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'e3
\'f1\'dc\'f6\'e9\'e6\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'eb\'eb\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'e1\'ec
\'f0\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'e3\'f1\'dc\'f6\'e9\'e6\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'e1\'ec\'f0\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'a2\'f0\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\'eb\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'df\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9
\'e1\'f0\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c6\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2
\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'dc\'ea\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'e1\'ec\'f0\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'eb\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e5\'e3\'e3\'dc\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'f5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'ef\'e9\'f4\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1
\'e3\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'f4\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'ef\'ec\'ef\'e9\'f9\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e6\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef
\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dc\'f6\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed
\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'ec\'e9\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec
\'e5\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e4\'e7\'ec\'e9\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e1\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 2. \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53  
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'df\'e6\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fe\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'fe\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\'ed\'de\'f3\'e5\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ef\'fd\'f4\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e8\'e1\'f1\'f1\'fd\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e8\'e7\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'e9\'dc\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f0\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fe\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\'ed\'de\'f3\'e5\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f4\'e7\'f1\'ef\'fd
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'f0\'e1\'f4\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e8
\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'e5\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fe\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53  
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'f3\'e5\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e5\'f1\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'e4\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fe
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\'ed\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e5\'e9\'f1\'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'eb\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'d3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e1\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9
\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e4\'e5\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f4\'e7\'f1
\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f7\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e3\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f0\'f9\'ed\'dd\'e6\'e9\'ea\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f3\'e1\'e3\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
. \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'ea\'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f4\'ef\'e9
\'ec\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e6\'dc\'ed\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f3\'dc\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e1\'f4\'ef\'ed\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e9\'eb\'e9\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fe\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f3\'dc\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'e1\'f0\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'d0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e1\'df\'f3\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f0\'f9\'ed\'dd\'e6\'e9\'ea\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb
\'e5\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'c3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'ef\'e4\'e5\'fd\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'f3\'e1\'f1\'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'f3\'e1\'f1\'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f9\'f4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9
\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\'e8\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e5
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'e3\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f7\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f1\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'e9\'f7\'ed\'df\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'eb\'fc\'e3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'e5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df
\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'df\'f7\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f3\'e1\'e3
\'e9\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'e5\'e9\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f3\'dc\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e6\'dc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'f1\'e1\'f4\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'eb\'f5\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc
\'f3\'ea\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f6\'e1\'f1\'ec\'ef\'e3\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ,\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e4\'e9\'dd\'f0\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'ef\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f0\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed
\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'fe\'ed
\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f0\'f9\'ed\'dd\'e6\'e9\'ea\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f3\'e1\'e3\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'e3\'f1\'de\'e3\'ef\'f1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'f1\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\'ed\'de\'f3
\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dc\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ee\'e9\'ef\'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f1\'ec\'ef\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f0\'f9\'ed\'dd\'e6\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'ea
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f3\'e1\'e3\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9
\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fd\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec
\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f5\'eb\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f1\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'a2\'f0\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\'eb\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c6\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - 
\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e5\'ec\'f6\'e5\'f1\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5
\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ed\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4
\'de\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'ef\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f0\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'d4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f3\'e1\'f1\'ea\'fe\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'fd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'ef
\'f1\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f5\'eb\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f1\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'cc\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd
\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f6\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'dd\'f1\'e1\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea
\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f5\'eb\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f1\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'fd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f1\'ea\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'fd\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 , \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f7\'e1\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4
\'e7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'e3\'e7\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'eb\'e5\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f6\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df
\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ea\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f0\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ed\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'e9\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fe\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\'ed\'de\'f3\'e5\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0
\'ef\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e2\'f1\'e1\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\'ed\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'f5\'e8\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'e8\'e5\'f1\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f0\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'e3\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'ec\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed
\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e9\'e3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'ef\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 
\'c1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'e8\'dd\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'e3\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'ec\'e5\'eb\'dd\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'fd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f4\'fd\'f0\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'ef\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'ef\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'f1\'e5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e8\'ef\'e4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f4\'f1\'e9\'e2\'e5\'df\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'ea\'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dd\'f0\'e5\'f4\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df
\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'df\'e4\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb
\'ef\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3
\'e8\'e7\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'e1\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f1\'f7\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3
\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'eb\'f5\'f0\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e4\'e9\'dc\'ec\'e5\'f3\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ea\'f1\'df\'e6\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'e9\'e1\'f1\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'e4\'dd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'e5\'f1\'e3\'fe\'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4
\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1
\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e4\'dd\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'e8\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'f3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fc\'e2\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e5
\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f6\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e4\'dd\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'dc\'f0\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e5
\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'f1\'e1\'f4\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'dd\'ee\'e1\'f0\'f4\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4
\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'e5\'f1\'e3\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8
\'e7\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f5\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'dd\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'e3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'ee\'dc\'f3\'ea\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f5
\'ec\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'e3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dc\'f3\'ea\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f5\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3
\'ea\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'dd\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'e5\'f1\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4
\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'dd\'ee\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3
\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f7\'f9\'f1\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'eb\'e5\'e3\'f7\'ef\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'f9
\'ed
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e1\'f6\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'f9\'f4\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : "\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f6\'f4\'e5\'f3\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ;" \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'c1\'f5\'f4
\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'f4\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'f1\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'e3\'f5\'f1\'ed\'dc\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'ea\'dc\'e8\'e1\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'fe\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'f5\'e4\'f1\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'e5\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0
\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e5\'f5\'e8\'fd\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f6\'e1\'f3\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'ea\'e5\'f6\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f4\'e5\'eb\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'f6\'e1\'f3\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f5\'e1\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9
\'e1\'f6\'fc\'f1\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e5\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'fd\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'ef\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'fd\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e5\'fd\'e8\'f5\'ed\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'e9\'f3\'dd\'f1\'f7\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dd\'f1\'f7\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'eb\'df\'f3\'f3\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'f1\'fc\'e2\'e9\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'dd\'ed\'e1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fd\'ea\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f5\'e1\'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c5\'f0\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'f7\'ef
\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'e1\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'ef\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'e1\'f4\'f4\'f9\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e9\'eb\'e7\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'ec\'e1
\'f4\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 .\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'df\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f3\'ea\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f1\'ea\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 - \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'f9\'f0\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'eb\'e5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'dd\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'e1\'ed\'e9\'f3
\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f6\'de\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'f9
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ec\'dc\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'f9\'f0\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'f9\'f0\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'eb\'fe\'f3\'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'dd\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'f9\'f0\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'f6\'e1\'ed
\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 ,\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'de\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'df\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e1\'e3\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f1\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'e1\'f1\'f7\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'e5\'f0
\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fe\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3
\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'e5\'f1\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e1\'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'e5\'df\'f0\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f5\'ed\'ef\'e4\'e5\'fd\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f4\'e7\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'ec\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'fd\'f7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f1\'ea\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'e5\'df\'f1\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 27 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f4\'e7\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'e5\'df\'f0\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\'ed\'de\'f3\'e5\'f9
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'fe\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f4\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'e4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e4\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'e7\'ea\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dd\'f1\'e9\'b7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ec\'e5\'b7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec
\'e5\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'eb\'f5\'f0\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e4\'e9\'dc\'ec\'e5\'f3\'ef\'b7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f0\'e1\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'ea\'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f4\'e7\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'e5\'df\'f0\'f4\'f9
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f1\'ea\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'f6\'e9\'e2\'ef\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'e4\'e9\'e1\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e5\'f0\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1
\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'e5\'f3\'f4\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ed\'e5\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'f9\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e3\'df\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e3\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'f5\'f8\'f9\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e1\'f7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 3. \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'f9\'ed

\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3
\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9
\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'e9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'dd\'ee
\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9
\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fe\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'f7\'ef\'ed
\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e5\'f0\'e1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fe\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'d9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'eb\'e7\'f8\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'e9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'d0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0
\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'e9\'ed
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'d0\'f1\'fe\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'f4\'dc\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'e3\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4
\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ea\'ef\'e9\'f4\'dc\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'fe
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'f7\'e1\'e6\'e5\'fd\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f1\'f6\'fe\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ed\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'ec\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0
\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'f4\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'e3\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'de\'f4\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e2\'ef\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'eb\'e5\'e3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5
\'f1\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'f4\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e8\'f1\'f9\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f5\'f7\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'f4\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'ef\'ee\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e6\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'e8\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f9\'f1\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'f4\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'f4\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2
\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'ef\'f4\'de\'f4\'f9
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'c4\'c2\'d4\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'ea\'de\'f3
\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f3\'ea\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'f4\'dc\'e6
\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'f4\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f6\'e5\'fd\'e3\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1
\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f3\'f6\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f3\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'dd\'eb\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4
\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'ea\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9
\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f7\'f9
\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e5\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'ed\'e1
\'eb\'dc\'e2\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ec\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'e9\'fc\'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e3\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'eb\'e5\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e4\'e5\'e9\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f5\'f8\'e7\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f0\'dd\'e4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'ed\'e4\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e3\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'dc\'f1\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'eb\'e5\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'fc\'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  "\'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'eb\'e7\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1
\'e9\'e3\'f1\'dc\'f8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec
\'e2\'dc\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dc\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'ed\'e4\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dc\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'ef\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e3\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'f1\'e1\'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ec\'fc\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'ea\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dd\'f7\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e8\'e7\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'f5\'f7\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f0\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e8\'e9\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'f1\'e1\'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f3\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ed\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e9\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e3\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f1\'ea\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e5\'ec\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'ed\'dc\'f1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\'f3\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ed\'e4\'ef\'f5\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f5\'f7\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'f4\'f1\'e5\'fd\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dc\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e6\'e5\'fd\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'ea\'e5\'e9\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f3\'e7\'ec\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'dc\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'dd\'f1\'f7\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc
\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f9\'ed\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'ed\'e4\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'ea\'e1\'f4\'ef\'ed\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ea\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e9\'eb\'e9\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'ef\'ed
\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . "\'d0\'e1\'df\'f1\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'dc\'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ,\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'dc\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3
\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'dc\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'ed\'f4\'e1\'ed\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f3\'dc\'f1\'ea\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4
\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'f6\'e7\'ec\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d1\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e1\'f7\'dc\'f1\'f3\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'dc\'f3\'f1\'e1\'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e4\'df\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'dc\'f1\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e4\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'de\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cd\'ef\'ec\'df\'e6\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'ed\'de\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'f7\'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f9\'ed\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'ed\'e4\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'f4\'dc\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f0\'dc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'f9\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e6\'de\'f4\'e7\'f3
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'ef\'e9\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'ec\'ef\'df\'f9\'ed\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f0\'e1\'e9\'f1\'ed\'e1
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'dc\'f1\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ed\'e4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1
\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'ef\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ea\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'e7\'e3\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'dc\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'dc\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'e3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f1\'e4\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'ed\'e1\'f3\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f6\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dc\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ba\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f1\'e4\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'df\'e3\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f1\'e4\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc
\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 4. \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea
\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed
\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f6\'f4\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f6\'f4\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd
\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e3\'f1\'dc\'f8\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e3\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ec\'e5\'f3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f7\'e1\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'e5\'f1\'e8\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cc\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f6\'e1\'f1\'ec\'ef\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f7\'e1\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'f9\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'bc\'ed\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 .\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'fe\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9
\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f3\'e1\'f1\'ea\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'f9\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'e4\'dc\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed
\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'ea\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e8\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f1\'f7\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'dc\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f3\'f9\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'ee\'f9\'f4\'e5\'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'dc\'ed\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'fc\'ec\'e9\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e9\'eb\'e9\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f0\'eb\'e1\'ed\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'ed\'e4\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3
\'ea\'ef\'f0\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3
\'f0\'e1\'e8\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'e7\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e1\'eb\'de\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6
\'e9\'e3\'ef\'fd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'df\'f4\'f1\'e9\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e4\'f5\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'ee\'e9\'e4\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ea\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'fc\'f1\'e5\'e9
\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'ed\'e4\'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e7\'f1\'fd\'f4\'f4\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'dc\'f3\'ea\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'be\'f3\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e1\'ed\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'f3\'f9\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'df\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'f5\'f1\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc
\'e8\'e9\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'f0\'fc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e4\'e9\'fe\'ea\'ef
\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'f1\'e1\'f4\'e5\'fd\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'dc\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4
\'dc\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f3\'fc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d6\'dd\'f1\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1
\'e5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'fc\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f6\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
, \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f3\'f0\'eb\'e1\'f7\'ed\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e1\'eb\'de\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f8\'ef\'e3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'eb\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\'f4\'dc
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef
\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'e5\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'bc\'ed\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9
\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'f4\'de
\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'f9\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'bc\'ed\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'ea\'e7\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\'f5\'dc\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4
\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'ed\'de\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f5\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e5\'f7\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f6\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'dd\'f1\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'ef\'e4\'ef\'ee\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'ea\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f5\'ec\'ed\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4
\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'e9\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e7\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7
\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'f5\'ed\'f4\'de\'f1\'e7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc
\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'e8\'ef\'e4\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'f4\'fd\'f7\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'e7\'e8\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f4\'e7\'f1\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7
\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f0\'fc\'eb\'f5\'f4\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d5\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e2\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'e7\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e5\'f1\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'eb\'eb\'e1\'e2\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'e9\'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'eb\'eb\'e1\'e2\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e4\'dd\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'f0\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'dc\'f4\'f4\'e2\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'e7\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e1\'f6\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e7\'e3\'e7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fd\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'fc\'f7\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'dd\'f1\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e5\'f0\'e1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e2\'ef\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 , 
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e1\'ec\'f0\'e1\'ed\'e5\'e2\'dc\'f3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e3
\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e5\'fd\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e1\'e3\'f9\'e4\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c8
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'e7\'f8\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'e8\'fc\'f1\'ec\'e7\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e4\'fd\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc
\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e5\'ee\'dc\'f1\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'fd\'eb\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb
\'e5\'f0\'f4\'fc\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'de\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'f6\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9
\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3
\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'f7\'ef\'eb\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'e8\'e7\'ea\'fc\'ed\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'e8\'f5\'ed\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'ea\'e9
\'ec\'e1\'f3\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e4\'ef\'ed\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'f4\'e9\'e4
\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'de\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'e9\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fd\'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e8\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e7\'f1\'e5\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'f4\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f6\'e1\'f1\'ec\'ef\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'eb\'e5\'f5\'e8\'e5\'f1\'f9\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\'f3\'ec
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'ea\'e5\'e9\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'e5\'f0
\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'eb\'e5\'f0\'f4\'fd\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'ef\'f6\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed
\'dd\'f1\'e3\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'f1\'fe\'f0\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e6\'f9\'f0\'f5\'f1\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'e5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'f9\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e1\'f3\'f3\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'f9\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'bc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f7\'f9\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d5\'f8\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f7\'f9\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e6\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'dd\'f1\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'ed
\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e1\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4
\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'e5\'f6\'dc\'eb\'e1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53  8
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cc\'dd\'f7\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef
\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'e3\'e4\'ef\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e1\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ed\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'ee\'e9\'e4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e5\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e1\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dc\'ec\'f5\'e1\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed
\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f3\'dc\'ec\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4
\'e1\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'ec\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e5\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ea\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef
\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'de\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\'f3\'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e5\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'e5\'f1\'e8\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 , \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'eb\'f0\'df\'e6\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f6\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'f5\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'e1\'ec\'ec\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f7\'f9\'f1\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dd\'eb
\'e9\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e9\'e3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'e8\'e5\'f1\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f1\'ea\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6
\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f6\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8
\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'fd\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'f0\'f4\'ef\'ec
\'e5\'f1\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'f9\'f4\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e3\'f9\'e3\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f3\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6
\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'e9\'f1\'e2\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'eb\'f5\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'fc\'f7\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'de\'f1\'f7\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ! \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e1\'f1\'fc\'eb
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f4\'e5\'ed\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f1\'fd\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4
\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'e9\'f1\'e2\'dc
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'ea\'f9\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'bc\'ed\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4
\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'e9\'f1\'e2\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'f9\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f7\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dd\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'f9\'f0\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec
\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'de\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'df\'e3\'e5\'f4
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f4\'e5\'ed\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e6\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e7\'ec\'dd\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'ec\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e9\'e3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed
\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e9\'e3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f1\'fd
\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'de\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f7\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3
\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'dd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
, \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0
\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc
\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'e1\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f6\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'e5\'f1\'e8\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'eb
\'e9\'e3\'ef\'f3\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f6
\'fd\'e3\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'f9\'f0\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e9\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'e4\'df\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'e8\'e5\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'f6\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1
\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\'f3\'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'eb\'e5\'ee\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e5\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e4\'f1\'e1\'e9\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e1\'f1\'f7\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1
\'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e5\'f1\'dd\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e4\'f1
\'e1\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed
\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'f0\'ef
\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e5\'f1\'dd\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e4\'f1\'e1\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1
\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'ef\'ec\'ef\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'e5\'f1\'e1\'e2\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1
\'fe\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'de\'eb\'f9\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ef\'fd\'f4\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e1\'f7\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7
\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e5\'f1\'dd\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e4\'f1\'e1\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f0\'fc\'eb\'f5\'f4
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'e4\'e7\'eb\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'de\'eb\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dc\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'e3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'b8\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f1\'ea\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e4\'f1\'e1\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'f1\'e5\'e2\'eb\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'e4\'df
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'f5\'f3\'f4\'f5\'f7\'fe
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'df\'e4\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f9\'f3\'f4
\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'df\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f4\'fd\'f0\'f9
\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'f1\'e1\'f0\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7
\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f3\'e1\'f1\'ea\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5
\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'ef
\'f1\'fd\'f6\'f9\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'fc\'f4
\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f6
\'dd\'f1\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e2\'e4\'ef\'ec\'e1\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'f0\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef
\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ee\'df
\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'eb\'fc\'e3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'ec\'e7\'ed\'e5\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dc\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f4\'fd\'f0\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0
\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed
\'e1\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea
\'f4\'e9\'ec\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'ef\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'e4\'df\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'eb\'f0\'df\'e6\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9
\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'f5\'f3\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f6\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5
\'df\'ee\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ,\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f8\'e9\'dc\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'e3\'f7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'ea\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef
\'ea\'ef\'f1\'fd\'f6\'f9\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 
\'cf\'f5\'f3\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'cc\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9
\'f0\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'ef\'f1\'fd\'f6\'f9\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f0\'fc\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5
\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'de\'f1\'ee\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'e5\'f4\'e7\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5
\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'df\'e1\'ec\'e2\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'ef\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed
\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'dc\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'d3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9

\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e4\'e5\'fd\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e5\'df\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ba\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e3\'f1\'dc\'f6\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'ec\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f8\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 
\'c8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fc
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'ed\'e4\'e9\'dc\'ec\'e5\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e1\'f7\'e1\'e3\'e9\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'f0\'e1\'f4
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'eb\'e5\'ee\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'e5\'fd
\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e5\'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e1\'df\'ed
\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6
\'f4\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'de\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f3\'dc\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'e5\'fd\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'de\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'f1\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3
\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e5\'fd\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'e4\'e9\'e1\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e2\'dc\'e8\'ec\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e5\'ec\'e9\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e9\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'de\'f1\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'c4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f7\'f9\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'f5\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e5\'f9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'dc\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'dc\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'eb\'e5\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e7\'f1\'e5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e1\'eb\'de\'ed\'e5\'f5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e1\'eb\'de\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'f3\'f5\'f7\'e1\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'f6\'f4\'e1\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'fd\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e1\'eb\'de\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'f3\'f5\'f7\'e1\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'f5\'ed\'dc\'f1\'f4\'e7\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'eb\'f5\'e1\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'f7\'e1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef
\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e9\'f9\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'f6\'e1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dc\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc
\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\'ef\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f3\'f4\'df\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'fc\'eb\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'f5\'f7\'ef\'f3\'f9\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'dc\'ec\'e5\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e3\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'f4\'f5\'dc\'ed
\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5
\'f8\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e6\'e7\'f4\'de
\'f3\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f6\'dc\'eb\'e1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dc\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e9\'f1\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'ec\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4
\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed
\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e5\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'fd\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e5\'e9\'ec\'dd
\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'dc\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'f6\'de\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'e8\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'ea\'e7\'f3\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e8\'fc\'ec\'e1
\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'f4\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ef\'f5\'f1\'eb\'fe\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'f4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef
\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'ea\'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'ef\'f7\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'f4
\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f5\'f6\'eb\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'ef\'f5\'f6\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8
\'e7\'f4\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'dd\'e8\'e9\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ec\'dd\'ed
\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'eb\'e5\'df\'ed\'ef
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'f4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'ef\'e9\'f7\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'f4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e1\'e9\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dc\'f3\'ea\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'dd\'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'ed\'f4
\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f4\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f3\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'f4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e5\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d6\'f4\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ea\'fe
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'e5\'f4\'f5\'f0\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'eb\'e7\'f6\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'f4\'ef\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'e5
\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed
\'e1\'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e5\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e9
\'fe\'e8\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'f5\'f4\'e9\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e6\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'e5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'ea\'f1\'e9\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'ea\'e5\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e5\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'fd\'e5\'e9
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f6\'df\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'f7\'f9\'ed\'e5\'f5\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f3\'f4\'df\'e1\'f3\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f6\'f4\'dc\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'de\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'fd\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e6\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'ea\'fc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dc\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'e4\'df\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f6\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'ec\'ef\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f3\'e5\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'ea\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1
\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f7\'f9\'f1\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'e7\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'f5\'f4\'e9\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e6\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e2\'e9\'fe\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dc\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e7\'f1\'e5\'ec\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'eb\'e5\'ee\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7
\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'e5\'fd\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 "\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'f4\'de\'e8\'e7\'ea\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'ea\'e7\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'fc\'f6\'e5\'f5\'ea\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'ea\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'dc\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'ef\'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e4\'e5\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee
\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'ec\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'df\'f3\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f7\'f9\'f1\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\'ed\'e7\'e8\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'fd\'f0\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f9
\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'f4\'e5\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f6\'ef\'f1\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'e4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dc\'ec\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de
\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\'f4\'f1\'e9\'ed\'f9\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1
\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'eb\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f0\'dc\'ed\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f0\'f4\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'ea\'ea\'e9\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'f3\'e9\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'e5\'e9\'ea\'ed\'fd\'ef
\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e5\'eb\'f4\'e9\'f9\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd
\'f1\'e8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'df\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e7\'e8\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fe\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f7\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'dc\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'e1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'fc\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f9\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'fd\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'e5\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'ec\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'e5\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f7\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f9\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'a2\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec
\'e2\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'dc\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f5\'f1\'f9\'e4\'e9
\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f9\'ec\'dc\'f4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4
\'e9\'e1\'f7\'dd\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'eb\'f5\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f5\'f1\'f9\'e4\'e9\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f3\'e5\'ec\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e9\'e1\'ed\'f4\'dc\'f6\'f5\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'eb\'e7\'f0\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'f4\'ef
\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e4\'e5\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'e5\'f1\'e3\'e7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'e1
\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'e8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e5\'f0\'e1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\loch\f53 '\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 K\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f7\'f9\'f1\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1
\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'fe\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'e5\'f1
\'e8\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'ed\'f4\'eb\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'e8\'e1\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0
\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'de\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e7\'e8\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e1
\'f6\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'fc\'f1\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'e4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f0\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f4\'f5\'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\'e3\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'f4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'f6\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'fe\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e9\'eb\'e9\'fc\'ec\'e5\'f4\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef
\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'ea\'dc\'e8\'e1\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'eb\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f1\'e1\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'f9\'ec\'e5\'f4\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'e2\'ef\'f3\'e2\'de\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'e9\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'f3\'ec\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'e9\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'dc\'eb\'e1
\loch\f53 .\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'f3\'f9\'f0\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'f4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e7\'e8\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4
\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'ea\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'e2\'e1\'f1
\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e9\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e9\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'e1\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fe\'ec\'e1\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e9\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f1\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'ec\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ea\'f9\'e8\'e5\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'e1\'f6\'f1\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fe\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'ec\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'dd\'f1\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'fd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e9\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'f4\'ef\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e8\'e5\'f1\'ec\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'fd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f7\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ed\'f4
\'e9\'eb\'e7\'f6\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'e1\'e3\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f1\'ec\'ef\'ea\'f1\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cc\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'ea\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'ef\'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'f1\'e1\'f3\'df
\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'f4\'fd\'f3\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'eb\'e7\'f8
\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5
\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'eb\'e1\'e2\'e1\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb
\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'f4\'fd\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'fd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ed\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'eb\'e5\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e4\'e9\'e1\'ea\'ef\'de\loch\f53 28 .\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5
\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'eb
\'e9\'e5\'f1\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'ea\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3
\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f3\'e7\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'f4\'fd\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f7\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'fd\'f7\'ef
\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'e9\'f1\'e2\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f7\'f9\'f1\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'f4\'fd\'ee\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'a2\'eb\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'df\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9
\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 , \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'f5\'e4\'e1\'e9\'ec\'ef\'ed\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'ea\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f0\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e1\'eb\'de\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ea\'f5\'f1\'e9\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5
\'ec\'e2\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f1\'ea\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4
\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc
\'eb\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e5
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e1\'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'eb\'dc\'ec\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec
\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f5\'f8\'f9\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'f0\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec
\'e9\'e1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4
\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'f0\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'dd\'f6\'f4\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 
\'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'dd
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e1\'f6\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'ef\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e4\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef
\'f4\'dd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'ef\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e1\'ec
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e2\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'e2\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'fd\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'ed\'fc\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4
\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'e3\'e5\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1
\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'e3\'ed\'ef\'e9\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f3\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec
\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'eb\'e1\'ec\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'ec\'df\'e6\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e9\'e1\'ec
\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'e2\'eb\'df\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'bc\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'e5\'f1\'e9\'dd\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fd\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'fe\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'fc\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4
\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'fe\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'b8\'f7\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ec\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'f6\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'e9\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'f9\'ed\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f5\'f7\'ed\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e3\'f1\'dc\'f6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ed\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1
\'f1\'dc\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'f1\'e1\'e2\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'f1\'e1\'e2\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'dc\'f3\'e1\'e2\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e7\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'fe\'e4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'eb\'e7\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'f1\'e1\'e2\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 .
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ec\'dc\'f3\'f1\'e1\'e2\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 : \'ea\'e1\'ec\'dc\'f3\'e1\'e2\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ), \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e7\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'fe\'e4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f4\'df\'ec\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'fc\'e8\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'ea\'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e7\'e3\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'e1\'e2\'dc\'f3\'f1\'e1\'e2\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'ec\'f0\'e1\'e2\'dc\'f3\'e1\'e2\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ), \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e7\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'fe\'e4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f4\'df\'ec\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'ea\'fc\'eb\'eb\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'f1\'df\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e2\'e9\'ed\'f4\'e9\'dc\'f3\'f1\'e1\'e2\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'e1\'e2\'e9\'f4
\'e6\'dc\'f3\'e1\'e2\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ), \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e7\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'fe\'e4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1
\'ef\'f4\'df\'ec\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'e3\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'e3\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e5
\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'ef\'f4\'e1\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e3\'f1\'dc\'f6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ed\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'eb\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e9\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e7\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f9\'e4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f4\'e9\'ec\'de\'f3\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3
\'e1\'e8\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4
\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'f1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'ed\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f4\'e9\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'e9\'f1\'e2\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f9\'f1\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'f7\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'e3
\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'ef\'f4\'e1\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c5\'ea\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ed
\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53  
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'e5\'e4\'fe\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'f1\'e1\'f4\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fe\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'dd\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5
\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ec\'dc\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e5
\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f8\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc
\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'e7\'eb\'ef\'e1\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea
\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc
\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 1. \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f8\'e5\'e3\'dc\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53  
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e5\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f8\'e5\'e3\'dc\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e7
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\'f3\'ea\'f1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'e1\'ed\'e9\'ec\'df\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ). \'d5\'f0\'ef\'e4\'e7\'eb\'fe\'ed\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'e5\'f5\'e8\'e5\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'de\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'e9\'e3\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'eb\'de\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f1\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f8\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'ed\'e1\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 ,\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'f5\'ed\'dc\'f1\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'ed\'f4
\'e1\'f3\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'ed\'dd\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e2\'e1\'e8\'f5\'e3\'dc\'eb\'e1\'e6\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e5\'ed\'f4\'e1\'ea\'dc\'e8\'e1\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f1\'e1\'ed\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'fd\'f4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'f8\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ed\'ed\'e5\'f6\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'ea\'dc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'f8\'e5\'e3\'dc\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f1\'e1\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ec\'dc\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ed\'ed\'e5\'f6\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'e3\'ea\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ed\'ed\'e5\'f6\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e1\'fd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ed\'ed\'e5\'f6\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ed\'ed\'e5\'f6\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'e9\'e3\'df\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f7\'f1\'f5\'f3\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'fd\'ed\'ed\'e5\'f6\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ed\'ed\'e5\'f6\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'dd\'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ed\'ed\'e5\'f6\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 2. \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'f3\'ef\'f1\'f1\'ef\'f0\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f0\'ef
\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'ef\'f1\'f1\'ef\'f0\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ec\'e5\'f1\'fc\'eb\'e7\'f0\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  (\'f3\'e1\'ed\'f3\'ea\'f1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .: \'e1\'f0\'f1\'e1\'ed\'e9\'f7\'df\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'e1\'f0\'e1\'ed\'e9\'f7\'df\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ). \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c9\'f3\'ef
\'f1\'f1\'ef\'f0\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f4\'df\'ec\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e5\'fd\'e8\'f5\'ed\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'ef\'f1\'f1\'ef\'f0\'e7\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'dc\'eb\'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'ef\'f1\'f1\'ef\'f0\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e9\'e6\'fc\'ed\'f4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f6\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'eb\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e5\'fd\'e8\'f5\'ed\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f9\'f4\'e9\'f3
\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e4\'f1\'e1\'e9\'f9\'e8\'e5\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fc\'e8\'e5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e5\'fd\'e8\'f5\'ed\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dd\'f0\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'f9\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e8\'f5\'ec
\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e3\'f1\'dc\'f8\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'eb\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'e8\'ef\'f1\'ec\'e7\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'df\'f7\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e9\'ea\'f1\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'fc\'f1\'ec\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef
\'f3\'e5\'e3\'e3\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'fd\'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 3. \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2

\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f0\'ef\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1
\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\'f5\'dc\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f3
\'ef\'f5\'ed\'dc\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ). \'d3\'ef\'f5\'ed\'f5\'dc\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'eb\'e5\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc
\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\'f5\'dc\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'de\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'dc\'f4
\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'eb\'f5\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'de\'f1\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'eb\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'dc\'f4
\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 , \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'f5\'ed\'e4\'dd\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e1\'eb
\'e1\'ea\'f3\'dc\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ed\'fc\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ba\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'e5\'fe\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'f5\'ed\'de\'e8\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'e1\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3
\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'f7\'dc\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f3\'dc\'f1\'e5\'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'ed\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fe
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e5\'eb\'e8\'fc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'e1\'f1\'fc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'e4\'e9\'ef\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'e1\'ed\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\'f5\'dc\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e8\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dc\'e8\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'f6
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'fc\'f3\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ec\'e5\'f4\'f9\'f0\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e8\'e5\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 ' \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ec\'e5\'f4\'f9\'f0\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e1\'eb\'de\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\'f1\'e5\'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'e1\'e8\'e5\'f1
\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'f0\'e1\'f5\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e4\'e9\'e1
\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c6\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'df\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'ef\'fd\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'e5\'ed\'e3\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2
\'dc\'e8\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 29  (\'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ef\'fd\'f4\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'ef\'fd
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'e5\'ed\'e3\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ), \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'e2\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ea\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3
\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f3
\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ba\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'e5\'fe\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'e7\'e3\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c6\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc
\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f5\'ec\'fc\'f3\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'ef\'fd\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'e5\'ed\'e3\'ea\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f7\'f5\'f1\'df\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ea\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ef\'f6\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cb\'dd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'ec\'f0\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ea\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ea\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'e5\'df\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'ec\'ef\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec
\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fd\'f7\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ea\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ef\'f6\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fd\'f7\'ed\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'fd\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7
\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'fa\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed
\'f4\'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ea\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'ef\'fd\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'e5\'ed\'e3\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c6\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'f5\'f4
\'e9\'ea\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e8\'e7\'f4\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c6\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'f3\'ea\'ef
\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'f3\'ed\'fc\'e7\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4
\'f1\'e5\'e2\'eb\'fe\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec
\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e1\'df\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'ef\'fd\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'cd\'e5\'ed\'e3\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e9\'f3\'fe\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ef
\'f6\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e5\'eb\'ef\'e9\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'f0\'eb\'e1\'ed\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'ef\'fd\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'e5\'ed\'e3\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f8\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 :\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'e3\'e4\'ef\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'de\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'e4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f3\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'df
\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'de\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'fd\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f9\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ef\'fd\'f4\'f1\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'dc\'e8\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'ef\'fd\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'e5\'ed\'e3\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'ea\'dc\'e8\'e1\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\'df\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e5\'e3\'ef\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'fc\'f3\'ec\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e5\'f1\'ec\'e7\'ed\'e5\'fd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'d3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f3\'f5\'f7\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f6\'dc\'ed\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f8\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'cc\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'ec\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'ec\'e9\'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'e4\'e5\'ea\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'f1\'ec\'e7\'ed\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'ef\'fd\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'e5\'ed\'e3\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'ef\'ec\'ef\'df\'f9\'ed\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f8\'f5\'f7\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec
\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f0\'ef\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f0\'ef\'f8\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c6\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1
\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'ef\'fd\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'e5\'ed\'e3\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3
\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dc\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc
\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'de\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f8\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dc\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5
\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f3\'e7\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ea\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'e7\'e8\'e9
\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d7\'ef\'fd\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'e5\'ed\'e3\'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'eb\'ef\'df\'f9\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'f3\'e4\'de\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e8\'de\'ea\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'fe\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4
\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1
\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dc\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f8\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'e4\'e9\'e4\'dc\'f3\'ea\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'f3\'ea\'ef\'fd\'ed
\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f3\'f4\'de\'f1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c6\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c6\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\'f0\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'ef\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'f3
\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c6\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'eb\'f5\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'f5\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'f9\'f4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f5\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ee
\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ea\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e8\'f1\'ef\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cc\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f5\'ea\'ef\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'fe\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'ed\'ef\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd
\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'fd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'fd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'fd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'d3\'f9\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9
\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'d3\'ea\'ef\'f0\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'e8\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f4\'f5\'f7
\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ea\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f5\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'e4\'df\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'fd\'ec\'f6\'f9\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'e4\'ef\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'e4\'ef\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc
\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'ef\'f1\'fd\'f6\'f9\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e5\'eb\'e9\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'ea\'ef\'f1\'fd\'f6\'f9\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 . 

\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e9\'fe\'e8\'f9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'e3\'ea\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'de\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'ef\'f7
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e9\'e8\'e1\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e5\'ee\'de\'e3\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
. \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ed\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f3\'e1\'ed\'f3\'ea\'f1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .: \'ec\'dc\'f1\'e3\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'ec\'dc\'e3\'e3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f7\'f4\'fe\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e2\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5
\'ec\'f0\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53  
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e2\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e4\'e9\'e1\'df\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e7\'e8\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'dd\'ee\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'de\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'eb\'e5\'ee\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'de\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f5\'f1\'e8\'ef
\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'fd\'ea\'ef\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'ee\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'f1\'e9\'ef\'eb\'e5\'ee\'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'ed\'f4\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dc\'ed\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 ' \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'e7\'e3\'e1\'df\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'f1\'e9\'e2\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'bc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed
\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f6\'de\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'df\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e7\'e3\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'ec\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'ed\'f4\'eb\'de\'f3\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9
\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e5\'e9\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f1\'e3\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e8\'f1\'ef\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'dc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7
\'e9\'ef\'ed\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5
\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'ea\'e9\'ed\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f7\'f9\'f1\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'ef\'ec\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'fe\'f3\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'eb\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'fd\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'fc\'f6\'e5\'f5\'ea\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f0\'ef\'eb\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f4\'f1\'e1\'f0\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e8\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\'ef\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'f0\'f4\'f5\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'dd\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef
\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d0\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'c1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef
\'e8\'dd\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f3\'f4\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 , \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9
\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'f0\'e1\'f4\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'ec\'e1\'f4\'dc\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f5\'ea\'eb\'ef\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e9\'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'a2\'f3
\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e8\'de\'ea\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'f5\'e3\'f7\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'dc\'f4\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'ef\'df\'e3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'eb\'dc\'f3
\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'f1\'ef\'eb\'dd\'f0\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1
\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'eb\'dc\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'f5\'f4\'e5
\'f1\'ef\'eb\'dd\'f0\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e5\'f0\'e1\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1
\'f0\'fc\'eb\'f5\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'df\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f0\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ; \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'df\'f3
\'e8\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e7\'f1\'e5\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f7\'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f0\'f4\'fd\'f3\'f3\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb
\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'de\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef
\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'f0\'df\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e7\'f1\'e5\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec
\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\'e6\'ef\'ed\'f4\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ec\'ec\'e5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e5\'f0\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'eb\'eb\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  -\'df\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e2\'e4\'ef\'ec\'dc\'e4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'de\'ed\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'fc\'ed\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
- \'e2\'e9\'fe\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e1\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'dc\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'f0\'e7\'f1\'e5\'e1\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'e9\'dc\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb
\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd
\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'df
\'e6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\'e9
\'f1\'dc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'dd\'ee\'e5\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f3\'de\'ec\'e1\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'ed\'e3\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'de\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f1\'f5\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e1\'ed\'e3\'ea\'df\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'ec\'dc\'f1\'e3\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'dc\'f1\'f5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'e1\'f4
\'f4\'f7\'e1\'ed\'e3\'ea\'df\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'ec\'dc\'e3\'ea\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'e5\'df\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ea\'f4\'e1\'ec\'e5\'eb\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'ec\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'ea\'f4\'fe
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f7\'f9\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'ef\'f7\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e7\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'f4\'e1\'e4\'df\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'f0\'f4\'f5\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'ed\'f4\'e1\'ed\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e3\'e1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'f0\'e1\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e2\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ec\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'f0\'f4\'f5\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'f0\'f4\'f5\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'e1\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'e9\'e6\'fe\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cc\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'f6\'f4\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'df\'f3\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'fe\'e4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f1\'f1\'ef\'f6\'dc\'f4\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'df\'e6\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f1\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f5\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e5\'e2\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'eb
\'e1\'e4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'dd\'ed\'f4\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'e3\'e1\'eb\'fe\'ed\'e5\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'f0\'f4\'f5\'ee\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'ec\'e1\'f4\'dc\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f7\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e1\'ed\'e1\'e2\'f1\'dd\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f5\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e5\'e2\'e1\'df\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'eb\'e1\'e4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f5\'eb\'eb\'e1\'f1\'dc\'ea\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e5\'f0\'e5\'f4\'dc\'e3\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 .\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'dd\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'ef\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f1\'f7
\'df\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'df\'f7\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'dc\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'de\'f1\'e1\'ed\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e1\'ed\'e1\'e2\'f1\'dd\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'dd\'ee\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'f9\'e4\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f5\'ec
\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f7\'f9\'f1\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'eb\'e1\'e4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'fd\'eb\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'df\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'ef\'f6\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe
\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'f5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 . \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'cc\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'fc\'ec\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'fc\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ea\'f4\'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d0\'f1
\'fe\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'e9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4
\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5
\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'ef\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'ca\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f7\'f5\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e5\'e2\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'eb\'e1\'e4\'e9
\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\'e4\'e9\'e1\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'fe\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dd
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'df\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9
\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f1\'e3\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'fe\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'fd\'eb\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5
\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'fe\'ed\'ef\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'f3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 
\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e9\'e3\'ec\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'fe\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'e8\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 
.
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e1\'ed\'e1\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2
\'dc\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e1\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'e1\'ed\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5
\'f8\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'dd\'f7\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'f9\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef
\'eb\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'f9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f3\'f4\'dc\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e5\'e9\'f3\'e4\'fd\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'e1\'ec\'dc\'ed\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  - \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'dc\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc
\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'eb\'fc\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'df\'e4\'e7\'f3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f5\'f4\'df\'f3\'f4\'e7\'ea\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c8\'dd\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e9\'f9\'e8
\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'f9\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'fe\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'fe\'f4\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f8\'e7\'eb\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'df\'f0\'e5\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'dd\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'e5\'eb\'dd\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'eb\'de\'f1\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'ef\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f4\'fc\'f7\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'fe\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ee\'dd\'eb\'e9\'ee\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e5\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'b8\'f4\'f3\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'ee\'e9\'e4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'eb\'dc\'f7\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'f4\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ec\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'ee\'e9\'e4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'eb\'f0\'df\'e6\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f6\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'ee\'df\'e4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'f7\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'dd\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'f3\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'ef\'e4\'ef\'e9\'f0\'fc\'f1\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f5\'f0\'de\'f1\'ee\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'de\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e4
\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\'f1\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'ef\'ed\'ef\'f0\'dc\'f4
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'ef\'f6\'e5\'f1\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'eb\'dd
\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f3\'ea\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e4\'e1
\'f3\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'e7\'e8\'de\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'eb\'ef\'f5\'e8\'de\'f3\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f7\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7
\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
\par 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d5\'d0\'cf\'d3\'c7\'cc\'c5\'c9\'d9\'d3\'c5\'c9\'d3\line \line \loch\f53 \hich\f53 1 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'df\'e4\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea
\'f1\'e9\'e2\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'eb\'e5\'e3\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  Rolling Stones, \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\loch\f53  "I can't get no satisfacti\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 on" \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'f6\'f1\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'eb\'f5\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e3\'e5\'ed\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'e7
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'eb\'de\'e8\'e5\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c4\'f5\'f3\'f4\'f5\'f7\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed
\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (duhkha). \'c1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'dd\'e2\'e1\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd
\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  Rolling Stones \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\'f4\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1
\'ef\'f3\'f0\'e1\'e8\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9
\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'eb\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e4\'fd\'ed\'e1\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ed\'e5\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9
\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\'f3\'e7\'ec\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f7\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f3\'f0\'dc\'e8\'e5\'e9
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'eb\'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'f4\'e1\'e3\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e3\'fe\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 2 \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d6\'e9\'eb\'ef\'ea\'e1\'eb\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'f5\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'e1\'f3\'ea\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e8\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'e1\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e9\'ea\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e5\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9
\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f5\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e9\'f3\'e1\'e3\'f9\'e3
\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'e1\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c7\'f3\'f5\'f7\'e1\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'ef\'e5\'eb
\'eb\'e7\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'dc\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e4\'fc\'f3\'e5\'e9
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'d0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e2\'fc\'eb\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'e1\'ed\'e1\'e3\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " (\'c8\'e5\'f3\'f3\'e1\'eb\'ef\'ed\'df\'ea\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'f9\'f4\'fc\'f4\'f5\'f0\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'f7\'e1\'c0\'e6\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'e1\'f1\'e5\'fd\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e4\'fc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'c1\'f3\'f4\'de\'f1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " (\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'dd\'ed\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f5
\'f2\loch\f53 ).
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 3 \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ed\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'e1\'eb\'dd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'c9\'e7\'f3\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 157) \'f0\'e1\'f1\'ef\'ec\'ef\'e9\'dc\'e6\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'ed
\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'e3
\'f1\'dc\'f6\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'ea\'ea\'eb\'e7\'f3\'e9\'e1\'f3\'f4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1
\'e9\'ef\'f4\'de\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". \'d9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f4\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'f3\'f7\'dd\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'e9\'ed\'e4\'f5\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f1\'ed\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'ea\'e4\'ef\'f7\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53  \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'de
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\'e9\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 . 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 4 Juan de la Cruz (1542-91), \'c9\'f3\'f0\'e1\'ed\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'eb\'e7\'f1\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'ec\'ef\'f1\'f6\'f9\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f1\'f9\'ec\'e1\'e9\'ef\'ea\'e1\'e8\'ef\'eb\'e9\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e1\'f1\'ec\'e7\'eb\'e9\'f4\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef
\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f5\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'fc\'f3\'ef\'f6\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 5 Edward Conze, Buddhist Thought in India, George Allen and Unwin, 1\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 962, }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3}{\dbch\af23 
\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 . 60
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 6 Edward Conze, Buddhism: its essence and development, Harper & Row, 1975, }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 . 12-13.

\par 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 7 \'d9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'e9\'f1\'dd\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e8\'fe\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'ef\'ed\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f4\'e7\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'ef\'f1\'f4\'ef\'f6\'e1\'e3\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\'e8
\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e1\'ea\'eb\'dc\'e4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'e5\'ed\'e5\'e4\'e9\'ea\'f4\'df\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
, \'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e9\'f3\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'f1\'ea\'e9\'e1\'ed\'ef\'df\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 8 \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'f5
\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'f4\'e9\'ec\'e5\'f4\'fe\'f0\'e9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'fe\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'f1\'e7\'f3\'ea\'e5\'df\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\'dd\'f0\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'cf\'ed\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'e1\'eb\'dd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'c9\'e7\'f3\'ef\'fd
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\loch\f53 . 5
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 99 \'d5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f1\'ea\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'eb\'e5\'ee\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e3\'eb\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'fc\'e3\'f9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'dc\'e3\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'ef}{\dbch\af23 
\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  FWBO (Friends of the Western Buddhist \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 
Order) }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'ea\'e1\'e9}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4
\'ef}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  WBO (Western Buddhist Order). }{
\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e7\'f3\'e9\'ec\'ef\'f0\'ef\'e9\'e5\'df\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1
\'f0\'ef\'ea\'eb\'e5\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'ef\'f4\'e5\'eb\'ef\'fd\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f5\'f1\'de\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e7\'eb\'e1\'e4\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e5\'e9\'f1\'ef\'f4\'ef\'ed\'e7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'fe\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2
\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'f4\'ef\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f3\'f7\'ef\'eb\'ef\'fd\'ed\'f4\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e7\'f1\'e9\'fc\'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\'f4\'e5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  WBO \'f7\'f9\'f1\'df\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'e9\'e5\'f1\'fe\'f3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'e5\'e9\'f1\'ef\'f4\'ef\'ed\'e7\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 10 \'c4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'dc\'f1\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'fc\'ed\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f3\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f1\'df\'e6\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e1\'ed\'f3\'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . Budha \'f3\'e7\'ec\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'e1\'f6
\'f5\'f0\'ed\'e9\'e6\'fc\'ec\'e5\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 " (\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'df\'f3\'ea\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4
\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'fd\'f0\'ed\'e9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f9\'f1\'df\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'fc\'ec\'e1
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f6\'f5\'f0\'ed\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'ea\'e1\'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  buddha "\'e1\'f6\'f5\'f0\'ed\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 ". 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 11 \'d3\'f4\'df\'f7\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e9\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d1\'e1
\'f3\'ef\'fd\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f1\'e1\'e3\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e7\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cd\'df\'ea\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'e1\'f0\'dc\'e6\'ef\'e3\'eb\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 .

\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 12 \'c3\'e9\'fe\'f1\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e5\'ed\'f4\'f1\'f9\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'c8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'f1\'dc\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e5\'f4\'dc\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'c4\'df\'e1\'f5\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 1996, \'f3\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . 36-7 (\'f5\'f0\'ef\'f3\'e7\'ec\'e5\'df\'f9\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 )
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 13 "\'c5\'df\'ec\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'eb\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f3
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'fd\'f1\'ea\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'eb\'eb\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e9\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'ef\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'dc\'ed\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'dc\'f3\'f4\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". [\'d3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'cc
\loch\f53 .]
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 14 \'cc\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f5\'f3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'f5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'e2\'eb\'de\'ec\'e1\'f4\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'f1\'e5\'df\'f4\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'e2\'eb\'df\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'dc\'f1\'ea\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c3\'dc\'ec\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ef\'f6\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e5\'e8\'fc\'e4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 17-23 (\'c2\'eb\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'e2\'e9
\'e2\'eb\'e9\'ef\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) [\'d3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'cc\loch\f53 .]
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 15 \'d0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d1\'f9\'ec\'e1\'df\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'c5\'f0\'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'eb\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 
\'e6\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ', 19 "\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e1\'f1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'e9\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'e1\'e8\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 ,
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'eb\'eb\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ' \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'dd\'eb\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'ea\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'fd\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'f1\'dc\'f3\'f3\'f9\loch\f53 ".
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 16  William Hogarth (1697-1764) \'a2\'e3\'e3\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e6\'f9\'e3\'f1\'dc\'f6\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f7\'e1\'f1\'dc\'ea
\'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f9\'f1\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'dd\'f7\'ed\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e9\'e1\'ea\'f9\'ec\'fe\'e4\'e7\'f3\'e5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'e3\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4
\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\'f0\'ef\'ea\'f1\'e9\'f3\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'ef\'e9\'ed\'f9\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e9\'f3\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e5\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'ef\'f7\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . [\'d3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'cc\loch\f53 .]
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 17 \'c1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1
\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f6\'dc\'eb\'e1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'e2\'eb\'df\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  M. L. Weerns, \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c6\'f9\'de\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'e6\'ef\'f1\'f4\'e6\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'f5\'dc\'f3\'e9\'ed\'e3\'ea\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e5\'e1\'f1\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'cf\'f5\'dc\'f3\'e9\'ed\'e3\'ea\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'dd\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f4\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : '\'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'dd\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f4\'dd\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ee\'dd\'f1\'e5\'e9\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'fe\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f8\'dd\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
' (I can't tell a lie Pa, you know I can't tell a lie) [\'d3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'cc\loch\f53 .]
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 18 O James Boswell (1740-95) \'de\'f4\'e1\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ea\'f9\'f4\'f3\'dd\'e6\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'e7\'e3\'fc\'f1
\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'ec\'e5\'f1\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'ef\'e3\'f1\'dc\'f6\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f6\'df\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e9\'ef\'e3\'f1\'dc\'f6\'ef
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  Samuel Johnson (1709-84), \'f3\'f5\'e3\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'dd\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'df\'f6\'e7\'ec\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'e5\'ee\'e9\'ea\'ef
\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'e3\'e3\'eb\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c3\'eb\'fe\'f3\'f3\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .  [\'d3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'cc\loch\f53 .]
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 19 \'d6\'f5\'f3\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ee\'e1\'e9\'f1\'ef\'fd\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'ef\'e9\'ea\'ef\'e4\'ef\'ec\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'e1\'f3\'df\'e6
\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ed\'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'de\'f3\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ed\'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 
\hich\f53 . \'c1\'f5\'f4\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'e4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  -\'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1
\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'dd\'f1\'f7\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'fd\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0
\'eb\'e5\'f5\'f1\'dd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 - \'f0\'f1\'ef\'dc\'e3\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ed\'e5\'f5\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'f0\'f4\'f5\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c5\'f0\'ef
\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f0\'e9\'e2\'ef\'e7\'e8\'e7\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'fd\'f4\'e5\'f1\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'ed\'ef\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'dd\'f0\'e5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e9\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'f0\'e5\'f1\'e9\'eb\'e1\'ec\'e2\'dc\'ed\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dd\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'dd\'eb\'e5\'e9\'ef\'f5
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 20 \'c1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'df\'e7\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 Une Charogne (\'b8\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d8\'ef\'f6\'df\'ec\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'eb\'eb\'ef\'e3\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  Fleurs du Mal (\'d4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'a2\'ed\'e8\'e7\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ). [\'d3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'cc\loch\f53 .]
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 21 Sydney Smith (1771-1845), \'a2\'e3\'e3\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'e5\'f1\'dd\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
 \'f3\'f5\'e3\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'dd\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e3\'f9\'ed\'df\'f3\'f4\'e7\'ea\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'ea\'e1\'e9\'fe\'ec\'e1\'f4
\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'f4\'e1\'f0\'e9\'e5\'f3\'ec\'dd\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'ea\'e5\'ea\'f1\'e9\'ec\'dd\'ed\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed
\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  Lady Holland, Memoir, \'f4\'fc\'ec\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  , \'ea\'e5\'f6\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 11: "\'cf
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'f7\'e8\'f1\'ef\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'f0\'ef\'f1\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3
\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e1\'f1\'e5\'eb\'e8\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e9\'eb\'ef\'fd\'f3\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'f4\'fe
\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'ec\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'e1\'ec\'f0\'f1\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'e5\'df\'ec\'ec\'e1\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'e9\'f9\'f0\'de\'f2\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f0\'ef\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'ed\'ef\'f5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e6\'de\'f4\'e7\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'e6\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef
\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'ea\'dd\'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\'eb\'e1\'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\loch\f53 ". }{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 
("His enemies might have said before that he talked rather too much; but now he has occasional flashes of silence, that make his conversation perfectly delightful"). }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 [\'d3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'cc\loch\f53 .]
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 22 Thomas Carlyle (1795-1881) \'a2\'e3\'e3\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'f0\'e1\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f5\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'eb\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1
\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ef\'f1\'e8\'ef\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'ef\'fd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'fd
\'f0\'eb\'ef\'ea\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'eb\'ef\'e3\'ef\'f4\'e5\'f7\'ed\'e9\'ea\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fd\'f6\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e3\'ed\'f9\'f3\'f4\'fc\'f4\'e5\'f1\'fc
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f1\'e3\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'c9\'f3\'f4\'ef\'f1\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c3\'e1\'eb
\'eb\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f0\'e1\'ed\'dc\'f3\'f4\'e1\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ". [\'d3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'cc\loch\f53 .]
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 23 Ralph J. Cudworth (1617-88), \'a2\'e3\'e3\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'ef\'eb\'fc\'e3\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f6\'e9\'eb\'fc\'f3\'ef\'f6\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'d4\'df\'f4\'eb\'ef\'f2}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'ef\'f5}{
\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'dd\'f1\'e3\'ef\'f5}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  }{
\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f3\'f4\'e1}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'c1\'e3\'e3
\'eb\'e9\'ea\'dc}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 : "Treatise \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Concerning Eternal and Immutable Morality". }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 [\'d3
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'cc\loch\f53 .]
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 24 \'c3\'e9\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'e5\'f1\'e1\'e9\'f4\'dd\'f1\'f9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'eb\'f5\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7
\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e7\'e8\'e9\'ea\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'f6\'ef\'f1\'fe\'ed\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f7\'f1\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'e1\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e2\'eb\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .: \'cf\'ed\'f4\'fc\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'e1\'eb
\'dd\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'c9\'e7\'f3\'ef\'fd\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'fd\'e4\'e4\'e1\'f2\'b7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'dc\'f1\'ea\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d0\'dc\'eb\'eb\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'cf
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c3\'dc\'ec\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'ef\'f6\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cc\'e5\'e8\'fc\'e4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
, \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 14\'b7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'eb\'eb\'e7\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f4\'e1\'e9\'f1\'e5\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 
, \'c2\'ef\'f5\'e4\'e4\'e9\'f3\'f4\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ca\'e5\'df\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e5\'e9\'f3\'e1\'e3\'f9\'e3\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . [\'d3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'cc\loch\f53 .]
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 25 \'bc\'f0\'f9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e1\'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e5\'fd\'f4\'e5
\'f1\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e5\'f6\'dc\'eb\'e1\'e9\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'dc\'e9\'f4\'f1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'ec\'f0\'dc\'e2\'e1\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (\'f0\'e1\'eb\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'ec\'dd\'f4
\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 -\'ec\'f0\'dc\'e2\'e1\'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) \'e5\'df\'ed\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e4\'e9\'e1\'eb\'ef\'e3\'e9\'f3\'ec\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'e5\'ed\'e8\'e1\'f1\'f1\'fd\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'dc\'f0\'f4\'f5\'ee\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'ed\'f4\'ef\'ed\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'eb\'ef\'f0\'f1\'ef\'e1\'df\'f1\'e5\'f4\'f9\'ed
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'e9\'f3\'e8\'e7\'ec\'dc\'f4\'f9\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'f1\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'e1\'f5\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 
\hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dc\'eb\'eb\'ef\'f5\'f2\loch\f53 .
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 26 John Dryden, (1631-1700), \'a2\'e3\'e3\'eb\'ef\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'e9\'e7\'f4\'de\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'ea\'f1\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea
\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e8\'e5\'e1\'f4\'f1\'e9\'ea\'fc\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'dd\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'cf\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'e3\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'dd\'e1\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ed\'e1\'f6\'dd\'f1\'e5\'f4\'e1\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'eb\'e9\'f4\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'dc\'f4\'e9\'f1\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f4\'eb\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : "Absalom and Achitophel". [\'d3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'cc\loch\f53 .]
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 27 \'c2\'eb\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c4\'e7\'ec\'de\'f4\'f1\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c5\'f5\'e1\'e3\'e3\'e5\'eb\'fc\'f0\'ef\'f5\'eb\'ef\'f2
\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'d4\'ef\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d3\'f5\'ed\'e5\'e9\'e4\'e7\'f4\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'cf\'ed\'e5\'df\'f1\'e5\'ec\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'b8\'f3\'ef\'f0\'f4\'f1\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , 1998, \'f3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . 342 [
\'d3\hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'cc\loch\f53 .]
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 28 (clairaudience) \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e9\'ea\'e1\'ed\'fc\'f4\'e7\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'ea\'ef\'fd\'ec
\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea\'dc\'f4\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f5\'ec\'e2\'e1\'df\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'ea\'f1\'f5\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 , \'e1\'ed\'f4\'df\'f3\'f4
\'ef\'e9\'f7\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'eb\'e5\'f3\'ea\'ef\'f0\'df\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  (remote viewing) \'f0\'ef\'f5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'dd\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ed\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ea
\'dc\'ed\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e7\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'fc\'f1\'e1\'f3\'e7\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . [\'d3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'cc\loch\f53 .]
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\loch\af53\hich\af53\dbch\af23\langnp1032 \hich\af53\dbch\af23\loch\f53 \hich\f53 29 \'b8\'f7\'e5\'e9\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'ec\'e5\'f4\'e1\'f6\'f1\'e1\'f3\'f4\'e5\'df\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f3\'f4\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'eb\'eb
\'e7\'ed\'e9\'ea\'dc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e1\'f0\'fc\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'e5\'ea\'e4\'fc\'f3\'e5\'e9\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  Aldebaran \'ec\'e5\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'ef\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\'df\'f4\'eb\'ef
\loch\f53 \hich\f53  "\'c6\'e5\'ed\loch\f53 \hich\f53 : \'c7\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'d4\'e5\'f7\'ed\'e9\'ea\'de\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'f4\loch\af53\dbch\af23\hich\f53 \'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  \'c1\'e9\'f6\'ed\'df\'e4\'e5\'e9\'e1\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53  
\'d6\'fe\'f4\'e9\'f3\'e7\'f2\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ", (\'e2\'eb\loch\f53 \hich\f53 . \'c2\'e9\'e2\'eb\'e9\'ef\'e3\'f1\'e1\'f6\'df\'e1\loch\f53 \hich\f53 ) [\'d3\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'f4\loch\f53 \hich\f53 .\'cc\loch\f53 .]
\par }{\lang1032\langfe1033\dbch\af23\langnp1032 
\par 
\par }{\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 End of the Project Gutenberg Etext of Sangharakshita, Vision and Transformation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 translated into Greek by Spiros Doikas
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Copyright (C) 1999 by Spiros Doikas & Afaton Publications
\par 
\par }}